I'm playing at the point. I still have a tundra swimming index. I don't want to do a quadricombat. I am a man. I said earlier, I rolling perception to find a rope and you said we all have rope. So you need to make up your mind. It's like we all has rope. Just keep moving. There was something about thequadricombat that sounded interesting. But I'm not going to do it. I've got a lot of other things to do.

Training the lake is still water. It's flowing water like a word. But also this is a swimming pool and a circumstance but it's crossed out. Yeah armor check buildings crossed out All crossed out you turn them on this is almost I think and based on like Turned off. But I'm taking it off All right Training the lake was still water but it was crossed out and there was no swimming pool. It was just a crossed out area of the lake. But it was still flowing water.

I think it's only if you're like not sure about there Yeah, this year like that says fun And then more quickly Speed penalty minus five on this armor. Okay, but the thing is seven minutes two sorry cookware cookware. I think it is only ifyou're likenotsure about there. Yeah,This year like this says fun. And then  more quickly. Speed penaltyminus five on these armor. And  the thing is 7 minutes 2 sorry cook ware cookware

I have 50 foot or so minus two. Go to your actual equipment 50 feet a rope and click in your hardware. I like to read the drop down for that. You could do something serious before. Six range increments about the situation. When they start a home getting in the boat. Change the perception check to see if there was any air. there. Oh, I see. I would have done it. I'm not quite a chain meal. Yeah. There's a lot of room for improvement.

I take an action to shut my rope. Oh, it's in a midget. In a bowl. Tripoli. I had no idea. There are some oars on some of the not working boats. I would like to. I said those words. They are Amy, right before we start a place or target. Yeah, yeah, mine's five. I mean, I take it. I take a rope and I shut it and I say, 'That's it. That's it'

"I have a pretty good athletic strength for that. Yeah, that's not going to happen. I have the DC in my brain," he says. "Also, I have a table of Rob's brain DCs up here. ... Also, I do. while treading water, the best I can throw my rope back toward the thing." "You need to put down my waist still. Put it down to what ground you need to go," he adds. "I do.

I was gonna throw up the rope. I literally won. Don't throw very far at all. Just push the leg. I'm gonna put the leg in the air. Oh boy! Oh! It was on port 2 for a second! No one mattered in this brand of your way, hey! Rope! Athletics? You're gonna throw the rope in? Yeah, yeah. I was going to throw up a rope. But I won't do that this time. I won.

"I was chucking all my arm. You need that a shayha as like you. Yes, now we're playing. There is a aid and it does what you want. Yeah, this is different. Yes. Wait, what is this thing? How does that work? It's like the rules. You mean you're going to be a sweaty? I was chucks all his arm. I would like to help. Yes," he said. "Yes, I'm playing."

"We're trying to push the rope up. How far are they? 20 feet. 30 feet. Oh, I got this. The first phase was like two, one round and then start on another round. Right? So they said 30. Okay, as a trigger. And Alice about to do an action that requires help. That's what we're going to do. Find in a fix a little weight to put on the end of the coward rope. Yeah, it's easier for him to get it out to them.

To use this reaction, you must first prepare to help, usually by using an action. When you fail, whenever the help. of a skill check or an attack roll is rolled, you fail. The requirement is that the help is willing and able to accept your aid. Can you have the prepared help? I'm not prepared now. So go ahead and throw on it and I will consider how I can prepare that help. Okay. Wow. I'm going to need some help.

I will wait until it's turned. during your turn then explain to the GM what you're trying to do and they determine whether you can go through the actions. Yeah you throw the rope it goes near whom do you throw it near? More year or near morning. I need you back to me. I suppose I throw it when I grab your car. My feathers are not made for water. 18. I have the impression also. that. I am not a very good swimmer.

"I can use all three of mine just swim. I'm not like a penguin. Normal action kind of right three actions right? Yep. You said I'm hungry. One throw, one grab, other rope that's from right up way to right. Wait, were you also trying to thread water? You said wildlife thread water. I can't do that. So you guys have taken two actions. One throwing, one grabbing, one swimming. One swim. One grab, one swim."

You know I need to do a swim action for staying up or off the boat right now or in the water. To grab on the back into the rope. Yeah, I'd be ready to help them all Sounds good. Okay, what all happened there use the facility to suck. You're gonna sink it this could dry you across. You've got to be able to swim to get out of the water and get back on the boat. If you're in a water, you need to swim. Am I in theWater? Yes.

"He has a hole and you're out land. No, no, where are you at? He's our land you're on land," he says. "It was not you being the fucking boat. It was us to read the boat" "I'm gonna be in Canada. It's not like no way Because the boat can handle three people. He's a plant. I got no way 50 pounds," he adds. "I just flew me the way back to shore"

"There's no solve the problem anymore. The problem is get short. Spend three actions to spend there to your self. Or you can spend three two. three actions. You can't grab onto the respond. Oh, we can be pulled in now at this point. If you grab onto me, maybe. I'm going to squarefully. Sure. You still got to do spend checks. But there's no solving the problem now. There's no fix for the problem. There is no solution."

I'm going to give you food. Swim to the other shore. How far was that? 220. No. 20 runs. Coast down to the bridge. I could. Oh, the lazy river style. This crack open to another leg. Just sit on my shield. We can grab. We could put it on the back. Yeah. I believe you, River. I think I'll go with the three action economy thing. I'm how close to my to morty. That's what I say.

We're so I need it. We need about this. Yeah, I grab a hold of moory on his feathers. Yep hand. Or it's that yep, and I hold on tight Okay, and also if I could I don't know how I can grab around I'll try to do that.Yeah, I'm stronger. This is real Okay, so one action to grab that onto that and you're pulling now. I'm gonna be showing you for a wheel.

This is a tense form of a tree. So, we send you about 30 feet. If we can go for a sprint, I'll do two. It's not a straight. No, but things are stride. Do we have to attack the water? Come move forward. I've thought something that happens when you do a crawl. You're actually attacking me. If you do three swims, but you have the multiple attack penalties, you have a very slow swim. Is it multiple of that? Because not, is it?

Swim probably does the stride isn't that no It's the move I Would do I'm gonna do these two the first two swims. Actions of swimming and for the third one alks grab the rope For the third action. Yeah, I'll see how far I can I'll try to get as far as I can to the short so they can all start Effects actions with the attack trait. Swimming is one of the most popular actions in the game. It's also the most powerful.

Get close to the rope. See how that's going. That's what would probably be for it. That you may get there for the ropes. Okay, go for it first one. Hell yeah. You're doing. You don't swing though. You like are hitting the water with your hands right now. You guys tell me. Yeah. I don't want very far. YouDon't. Swing though. Well, get close to that rope. HellYeah. You’re doing.

"I'm gonna pull a 10 feet farther from the... No, the DC was 13, so you have like crit success there," he says. "Last one, I'm just gonna try to grab the rope. I would assume I see it" "So now you're having to listen to the shore now. getting in a boat wasn't going into the water. Now you are swimming and you are making... I mean, I mean to ... I'm going to try to pull the rope," he adds.

"I am ready to... Oh, what do you do? Yes, he's like ready. Yeah, okay. I'm just gonna hold. and you grab the robot, hold on. That way they pull me in the neck and also to start help pull you. Let's take it on the band. See? Yep, you have one action left, you Have two left or two. And there's three you've taken. Yeah,. look at that. I am ready.

You will succeed. We successful someday. I was a successful grabbing who wrote. Swim check. Wait, did you say aid? Okay, that's a no aid. A stringy, bust man. You fly. Yeah, it's not going to do it. It's not possible. The rope starts to go the other way through your leaves. Do it with your fingers. This is all this way down. This has to be done. You're going to fly. You will succeed someday.

"I don't know what to do. I can try to pull the bird. We can adapt with this tackle" "They're taking the morgue out. We're taking you with us. Sure, you have like one action left in the sun here, and you do too?" "Before the water starts to... Two. I have two. Yeah, two. Part of it." "Start swimming. Swim with the rope. Your hold off the rope and swim forward" "The go-to, grabbed it,. she grabbed it, and the weight is... The weight is..."

The dock was once more sturdy than it is now but posts in the corners yep exactly and this sort of why we on the dock because that's where everybody boarded the dock. You just try the rope to get out of the house. Did you do that to try to help out with the house? Yes, I did. I was trying to get to the other side of the dock to help with the other end. I'll try to get the other way out. I'm not sure if I can get to it.

"I'm still waiting to show up there. Yeah, I'm gonna run a lot. Ha, ha. Where's our weakened stuff? Oh, there's a five. I'm 120. So that's not too bad" "They're obviously struggling. They're right away, man" "How large do you think a steel shield is? Hard? No, how long have you guys been getting it? Do you think it'd be at least large enough to life?" "I'm gonna push you"

I'm still holding onto the rope you tighten your grip is here. Have this bird sit on it as we just discussed lazy ribs. Oh, no, I don't think that she'll know Then I'm gonna do it. I think you're just gonna see golf Okay, I grab a shield. Yeah put it on Yeah, just keep my arms trapped in it. She's gonna slip out like like you know. I'm still holding on to the rope. It's getting a shield now.

The swords underneath the water. Oh, they keep going in. They keep going on your water. It's fine. I block it with a shield. I don't think it works. It doesn't work this way. Water is definitely going over the shield. That's probably about that deep. They're like it. And see how we know. Now if a 20-inch roll. Fine. That’s the other way we know, that's the way to do it.

For a crit success you sit on your shoulder. For a billion news or shit. And you effectively wait cause at what actually what? Yeah. But that's where I'm going to do that. There was a DC table that says like Adam's just holy shit. Holy shit. Oh my god. That is amazing beat it. Ah. It was like good. I'm just gonna mix all the athletic stuff. It's just gonna be a little bit of a mix of everything.

You can hold your breath for a number of rounds equal to five plus your con. Reduce your air by one at the end of each turn or by two. If you run out of air, you fall in confidence or something. You think of Will? Oh, he's there can't wait.

"He's too small. Hard to water he can move a No. Plant man So so five rounds only so it's zero. Five rounds before you go on count yes And so or get back in the air That that that restarts right if that happens and In the most though. Yeah, I think so"

I'm bad, I'm bad. I know, because this screen also turned off, or is that why it was- Where's the camera stuff from? You're like Moses using this part, this river and walk across. Is it in two? Is there- Yeah, two is over here. No, wait, no, it's this stuff in two.

If I got dragged straight down I'd probably Would have dragged us in the water this way and we would have gone closer to shore Yes At the same time because who been helpful who knows if they're gonna somehow cut the rope or so Now that we being pulled down it just with ghosty hands who knows If his rope is strong.

Can you move the water around the rope or make contact and pull the bubble of water with the rope with it? I got one twelve then twenty twenty twenty two. So you make twenty feet of progress? Oh yeah. Yeah so you're out.

You should probably wait to see what the rope does. Hold on to the rope harder. Increase rope grip. I'm going to pull on the rope three times when he reads the rules. That's a press destroyer. Our rope is stuck.

The creature generally attacks your enemies the best of its abilities if you continue to do it. You cannot attempt you can attempt to command it Put the jam the term is the degree of it. What the state would be in the they decide so He gets two actions this turn and then it's just a normal person in the combat. Does he for roll for a niche? I think so.

I'm in dead and you need to go look at the tag after that called summoned to actually get the like the running it or yeah summon undead just says you could summon undead. I'm gonna roll for zombies and finish zombie crushed it with a 20 and that's 20 he's in here with a hero and he's going right after you and he attacks your enemies yeah can you tell me the spell again just so I can make sure I'm faithful.

You can modify zombies with the following abilities. The summons of trait bones do not have slow. It does what you want to do right? No I think so. It's just two actions of turn is how I read it. The line to it does look like it won't F and 2e. Slowed into his one. That's a final and raw and every other turn has two really what it is.

It generally attacks your enemies to the best with its ability Mm-hmm. The line to it does look like it won't F and 2v Slowed into one that's a final and all and every other turn really is what it is. Don't get to see any of this is great. I have no idea how good somebody is doing For like term, term,term, nice.

Shira is one of the last players to complete the game. She was the first to reach the length of summon levels. Shira says she's not sure if the Jenkins think the zombie came from any of the things associated with her. She says the Jenkins are too busy holding their stomachs laughing at this zombie that just came up and was so freaking slow. The Jenkins just like laughed at them and dodged like this.

I'm not here to cause any trouble just to pass through. You see I have little to offer. I have a little something off her in exchange though if you'd like a little dance. The dance is like a sensual dance you know. She's trying to arouse the flow. I just want to take advantage of this. This is the point. Oh. I can actually do.

Make an impression with at least a minute in conversation during which you engage in charismatic overtures, flattery and other acts of goodwill. You seek to make a good impression on someone to make them temporarily agreeable. At the end of the conversation, I think that diplomacy check against the will DC of the target. You can choose up to five targets if you take a minus two penalty.

There was an uptrait for attacking the market. They nerfed it a bunch. It's turbo. I can just stroll right by. My job to is definitely a feat. That the bar bearing in the champion is a good. Reactive strike. Is so like fighters get it. Barbarians get it, Champions get it for free. One day it's like once just walking over. What the fuck is happening?

I'll never close on them Wait, these little guys are super fast They are no oh, they are oh They can So as you walk by He wins Girl go get yeah says Girl goget says no one crosses And His attention is off off Share an on you is off Oh You know, he said the eyes off of me. Yeah, he's pissed the soul of walking across his bridge. I don't think you can get the music Okay, this the Jenkins in front by the Jenkins just gonna move a little bit.

There was a real disincentive to move. They wanted it. So with everything having to have opportunity. They made a comeback. That is stagnant. No plan. I don't look on your thing. Where's that? You equipment type had it for me who's a team maker's apron. That's all I'm going to say during this turn. He's facing you.

Leafleaf is a physical piece armor. What's your AC? It's light. How do you remove that while we fight? Go to your equipment. Dance and then check. Okay, pull out the torch. Stoned. And light it. So is that two actions? So now it'll be like in the inventory. Pulled it towards your opponent. Or do you need that in the pushers too?

You throw a lit torch right into the center of that pile. You hit the pile with the DC of fiber more on a flat shell. So if you want to hit a specific square, you mean like an attack roll. This is like, you know, damp wood. We said it was robo cartons and stuff. So you need some hydrotiknics for your dancing.

I don't know how you want to handle the field did you I said just the chainmail Maybe you had it just I think I just have. I think this this maybe I'm seeing with the fire these guys are gonna scatter and start We're fighting so this Jenkins Steiner Oh Like scampers up to you all sketchy you read what that is I See that's interesting to know And it just like comes off the jabs at you with this short sword.

This is a big encounter. Yeah, that's like as good as he can do, but also these are fast little Yeah, it would have been Which is why I was asking For yeah, it's not I didn't hit the Didn't set this up Okay, so Well Here it goes It is for damage Two of which are piercing if that matters If I set you to be 17 get it Okay, yeah, there you go.

You can shoot a net in water at aenne's. Unfortunately, you're gonna do it once every 10 minutes. So it's gonna be a one for combat. For person. Okay, next is go to bottom of the round. I'm gonna stride. Do you charge up for stuff? No. I have a different plan. We're going to. You already have pets.

Yeah, it is bad Thank you Yeah, remember when you fought two of them by the houses on the way to Matt Suki's on the first night It didn't go super easily. Yeah, that was in the forest like wake up fight some easy centipedes. Yes, yes So you need to toggle the target state of somebody one at a time You Wait, sure what's your aura deal That's like my super awesome more I know and have we forgot no we've used it mostly.

Each time an enemy makes an attack on that ally, the enemy takes one deal or that. One of your allies in your champions or the shield's Granthalandish will plus one into their AC. You are not in selecting mode right now. You need a back on the targeting thing for I think that's. I didn't click anything. It just it it does scroll with the mouse touching the edge of the screen.

When you place the thing, you can rotate your mouse and choose the before you let go of it. So like create a new one. But just click the mouse and start hold it while you drag and move. Click at the source and just drag and hold. If I was making another. Oh, no. Woo! That's it. That's a good hammer.

Make a melee strike with two handed weapon. Each creature in a 15 foot cone from you, from you must attempt a basic portitude save against your spell DC or take two sonic damage. On a critical failure, the creature is knocked prone. The Toppils Creatures. Make a melee attack with two-handed weapon. This is a pirate attack. It is. of the flag right now.

CNN.com's John Defterios takes a look at how to create a zombie-killing spell. He starts off with a simple spell, then moves on to a more complex one. After a few failures, he gets to the point of perfection. But then he gets a failure and has to restart the browser to get back to the real test.

Red text testing. He doesn't have any. attributes. He does. Fortitude save. He is 42 of this 19 19. He passes. Okay, so he does not take the two damage and this last jinkin. Good screen. You're good. I'm not going to put a G4 screen anymore. We'll go to the. arcade cascade right here.

It was plugging in the mouse that caused the pan the panning I put it back on full screen and it's not doing it Oh, I see that's why I do the map Hmm, that's got to be a It on a's off. Well, these guys have They're very stabby All right, he's off that is gonna be Uh Yeah That I

Gurgle Gut is going to step off of the crown over here. Can I take a diagonal swing? Yes, but you have to be 180 degree of part and to flank somebody, right? Okay, so he's just going to swing at this zombie. Zombie Shambler. Gurgle is turning off, targeting for Azov. Turn on for Zombie.

Bram: "I'm gonna say I won't laugh, I'm gonna fail to copy it, it has 1 HP. Alright, 20. Yeah, to 1 before. No, he's done. What? 20, you said 23, that's not 20. I know, but why do you take 23? I don't know, what do you do? I just applied the damage from the sea of a weakness"

Chris Shira plays as a character in the popular video game series. Shira's character has a reed in his aura that he needs to replace. He also has a super stabby short sword that he can use to take out enemies. The game is currently in its third season on the Xbox One, PlayStation 4, PC and Xbox One platforms. It is expected to be released in the UK in the summer.

Each living creature in the line must make a fortitude saving throw. You look like you're in line, but you're not. You have to follow whatever the rules were for like some diagonal shit. So like this is five five oh 10 5 5 yeah, it's a little more me so all the shaded effects are perfect Yeah, but no pet perfectly danced it around I've tried to figure out if I could get this guy or this guy.

Both Jenkins failed and Gurgle got presumably has the 21 yes saving so he so can you set targets on both Jenkins and give them damage through a pass fell. and so they failed takes full damage okay so let's wait until we do everybody and they get blood girl guy does 21 how do I tell the guys overflow damage you would have a tag says over for us on the action itself only get orflow total uh he does yes.

"I knew it was as soon as we stepped on the bridge. Sure was going to get real" "I didn't need backup dancers. I needed y'all a sneak" "Gurgle got just came and just dead. She dead. Essentially. It was probably healthy zombie in half" "It was like one of the Sasha from Fondanichites"

Kinnookie is going to go get us some ale. He's like having troubles with you. Maybe bring some more ale for everybody and I won't cut you in half. I don't know what to say. Did he not refocus? Did he just reach out your focus, pull? Right. It would have happened overnight. I just didn't. You have to do something.

Each time an enemy makes tech against the ally. The enemy takes 24 spirit damage. When you raise your shield he's like. Better have wine under there. I'm on the page. It's not here. Why can't I see the other room? One hand. And we see the left hand side. This Jenkins is coming over to attack. And then we see a other room. This is our flank.

"We got all the notes. We're going to have minute chance each time. Roll a D1 D4 Did 15 damage. That's a shot. Definitely this time. Are you done? No, yeah. There's four more turns before you. I'll let you know when it's almost over" "I'm going to run into bushes, plant myself and just sit there with this. I didn't look at a snack. I hit a bunch of things"

Before the biggest battle in the book you took off while your armor. That's great for our great tanks. And this next Jenkins come over. Sure you are literally surrounded now. Yeah, I think we learned the lesson and it doesn't do what we want. Nobody has ever seen. But we're getting straight to the way we're get it. Let's go and do it lesson.

CNN's John Sutter takes a look at a battle between two of his favorite sports teams. Sutter: "These guys are real like movie. They're backwards versus four to two pieces" "I can't roll anything under a 15. Which is like, will it not get you?" "We try to beat it with dancing. If you let me do it again, I'll do it"

I'm going to play that like he makes a lunch, but you move out of the way in this moment. Care is important. That uses up his, his actions stumbling forward on the miss. Neb, it is your turn. There's a plant in the back wearing a bag. We're starting to rustle. Three, two, one. Come on. Couple.

If you guys have healing questions, you can just type the target on the left or thetarget on the right side of this. What the hell is a healing question? Just click the little target. There, I just did. I'm a ball second. Are you concerned about your screen? There's five enemies around you. Am I scared? No. At least your armor is not going to get bloody.

I'm within the aura yeah there's like still a little fire going back there are you rolling to see if it is spreads? I wasn't because I was assuming it was not like roll of it what would we should assume we can roll I can roll the fire might be the only thing that you're a bad person you guys okay you see that until they get the idea to show us and the fire oh right I don't think we can fire all right our packer comes a stab oh that's a hit just hey you have it do you have the ball sprinting again? yeah I think it's starting to bomb wait has you at AC 16? yeah that's not.

I have to title targeting every time before I take damage. So you take damage and I need to take 2d4. Which is three damage. Okay, so he is about that now. Oh, when this turns over, he should take another damage. Does that show in the chat? Nope. It does to me persistent damage. And it did look like he turned his status changed.

It's going to choose the best quote unquote in terms of what it thinks for your rotation. Sheeran's token is for her next step. Go to mess, his turn is now done. Another Jenkins must be the one by some time. That's been piercing. Let's see fairly injured. Deadly injured. Okay, so you can put the map for some reason.

I like it for Delbs or like casual content. I mean, I was thinking bots. Casuals naturally. All sorts of stuff this whole appeal to. I need to take another one before I have a guy who will look in the lock. I was determined to get allies in the aura. I'm going to do it. I'll care about. Yeah.

'I'm going to get the target by will I see it? So I'll just hit the cast. Do the damage for this? Man, a bunch of worthless. Isn't it like outside or something? Yeah, it's out of time back home. Yeah, you can even drink anyhow' 'I have one more action left and I will ready my spell for the next round'

The mechanics are yeah, it's a type of movie I don't go over so So I'm theory if you could Think I was agriculture like What are you doing? I'll just start 360 dancing like a chill. We just like to dig with the Before we'll try it now. You have It just mentions it here and so burrowing it's it's

Top of the round is enemies. Tia, enemies. This little guy is going to come and stab you as off. Who is in the upper skill? Oh, Jesus. I still have a shield. I'm just going to make it even harder for us. Shields of the spirit. That was the public role, right? No. Will, by way. It's still up because you're going to have a full turn.

The new options action to Reaction to raise shield or something like that. He had his shield right because there's no value. So what does this take the shield absorbs? Shield takes some of the health damage how much of it though. The shield is up don't forget The new optionsaction to reaction to raiseshield or somethinglike that. They're in the current health. We've gone from 17 to 2 now 3 to and so you put it dead.

Team A-choke takes on a team of robots. Shira: "I really hope that one guy dies to believe the one next to me" "There goes your boat. Let's sink in" "This jink has got to go before he dies" "It's gonna drop down. It will break. That's gonna come in with a map"

No, or Kevin I gave two people bleeding the one Yeah, so it was the end of a topic We'll get one you give to that Well Pat what's your AC right now 17 but you're for really see Never mind 16 you're right. Six but but the or goes away the or is it wires in the head one issue? Yeah, and I'd also last time one time Yeah, it's not a little wonder It still hasn't been your turn again.

I'm going to attempt to soul-sife in him so he will need a fortitude saving through. This is my watchy-collet thing. Focus spell. And so I should not have taken any penalties for attacking an ally on that last turn, right? No. No one has to persist and be done. You could go straight to. Fortitude save 18.

This is not it was rolling physical dice behind the screen. I could flood the numbers No You want your pity? No, you're not getting you to do key dies of honor. I turn into a dog and play dead It's just good. It's a nice new armor Okay, I mean I can try to shape shift and play more tricks, but I'm not going to just stab each step Start saying that's about all I got here.

"I know the targeting is all stupid. It's this one over here. The bottom left one. Then you can hit the second one" "It's only a plus two to hit because you get a minus four or whatever" "You saw a resurrection to you right now. Who's the third? I'm going to start with this. Stay there. Start"

When you're dead, you're an item, right? The item that weighs 5 to 10 pounds is one bulk So you 100% fit the sack that can hold eight bulk Nice I'm finding this out already I'm going to wear it like two or five lives You have become an item Miss Miss That Jenkins is done You next So some bleeds Some parts of that Two of them Working on that.

"I was presumed with the cult train. Off the top. And flying in the field. The pork cuts. It's possible. Does is that like flavor or is there some mechanical about? We can do both. But I didn't maybe talk you into. I'm very open to negotiation. Okay. Long jump is. Two actions. So I already showed once the other position. I could long jump."

The long jump is two strides. Which can be applied in the time. But it's better than the man striding and then attempting a jump action. So I need to figure out where I'm going. So you have a spear. You have a little spear attack. It can be on your character sheet. It should be a blue button. Or from the HUD if you just go under strikes.

"I just avoid tentacles of people and it worked" "I'm done. I think I'm gonna step in the upper torso. And it's the end of your turn. Let me try to get out of here this. Just next turn." "I never really grew up in the gut anyway. The stabby HUD go away. Well, this is terrible stabbing guy on the ground. It's just a little bit. I just tried to do it"

In chat, hit the 1d8 button there. Why? Because you're getting healed. You got an ocean bomb. The water washes all over your to-nookie body. Where's it at? Over here? Jinn? No. In the chat. You should see that. That's cool. And now take it. And click a placky on the chat over there. And you just touch it.

Jamie: "I feel like the first one of those, you went the bullet meets the ceiling" "I can't. Shocking muscle. I can't do it. I'm going to turn. Two of my actions is from the one attack" "It's going to attempt to stab you. That's what we expect. With a sword with a sword. Where? Why did this old there?"

"We did die. We're all 15 guys. You're all the shit" "There's a lot of collections. We'll find out who's who" "She looks so happy. She should be at one, which he now is. So he's not dead. He's at one. God. Done here" "This is a shit. I think it would door. I really hope he does"

"I have Remake lyrics. You use Chet TVT to go make the lyrics and then you just copy and paste it" "I don't mind the first one as much. Like, the third one, very much" "Now it's just to be hard. I get rid of the little bastards at this point. I think I don't stash right now"

The one that has two bleeds is the one by Shira. Don't attack the one north of me. That's for sure. It's dead. On the end of its turn. That was huge damage. Three times. All right, we're going for my spell strike on the one that's south of me, okay, cool. Rekid. Do it. Roll like a 14.

You raise your magical shield. This counts as a racial shield. You get a plus one AC until it starts your next turn, but it doesn't require a hand to use. You only can reduce the damage when you use the shield block, which requires your reaction. The shield spell also lets us do it, but yeah. The fact that. Oh, right. He's supposed to click something.

"I can't do it with a normal shield, but I can do it against the shields" "I should have killed these little dudes faster" "He has sort of he hits felt. I sort of felt I do spell and sword. It takes three actions to do. And I had to spend the time to charge" "It's almost dead. I'll be dead. A missed. You know, straight. No. That wasn't really something one of us thought it was your own missed arm"

"I started the fight yesterday. I share this coo crease coming at you. And some damage is coming your way. The problem is someone's surrounded by a different type of enemy. It's like some of the healer. Pat, you've got with Jenkins right beside you that is super stabbing on your left. And he stabs you. Yes. No, never mind. Hang on. Ignore that role. Just ignore that role."

"I would like you to pull out a skeletal guardian. Skeleton guardian. Awesome, I got him. And I would like to summon him somewhere over here" "This guy just stabbed me twice and then ran out of breath and now he's on the ground. I'm running back the... I'm bringing a different friend now. And it is your turn, Marie"

Bob probably was Susan's brother and how he's pissed off Okay Three damage. Bob control the anger of all four of those things next to you, please Bob. Where's Bob in the Mortar Bob not in the order, but he's gonna be put in right after. He's gonna to be put into right after morning Tonight, and then Think you can.

I thought this game was supposed to be dead on my turn. He didn't die. So I hit it. I mean this guy's prone. He'll be way easier to hit. Gargol still here? Gargol stood up too unfortunately. Let's take this head. Do not pet people on their head or shoulders. God, please. That's why we've been rolling so hard. I'm getting pretty sad.

Next turn is a Jenkins. A Jenkins right by all this. Gosh. Not the Jenkins who's turned it is. Oh, never mind. Target is prone. This Jenkins is full HP. And he's just going to get a scalpel friend just stab somebody next to him. He's always attacked the skeleton. He came out of nowhere. We'll go for it.

"There was a lot of ways that this battle could have. There's so many of that little icon. Oh, that's... That's a crit. It's hot. Well, there's no coming back from that. We still have to fight a boss monster. Why are there so many Jenkins? We killed. You said there was poor. We'd be first started as I want to say"

The shambler was the first fella cast for the man. He creep the skeleton again. You got a role like a floor I think right or six. You have to deal more than five damage You can critical and you can roll like a like a four higher. Yeah, but he's just had go no target at all Regardless of the critical hits yeah, who's that's an impressive refill shit.

The game's first episode focused on the effects of a missed sneak attack. The game's second episode focuses on the benefits of a healing person. The third and final episode is a look at the game's most memorable moments. The final episode will be released on September 14. The full episode will air on September 20 on the Xbox One, Xbox 360 and Xbox One X.

There are evil dudes that have been murdering our town's Getting more proofing up right now We've been getting to train in combat and sure. I don't know if I would say I am Yes I've had this guest He's a guardsman That you know when Goku takes off his weighted armor. That's all I was doing It was getting away. He just wear wedding clothes It's not armor. It is just clothing It's a detection of something but it was a little bit.

You have to both you and the ally who are doing the flanking it must be capable of doing an attack action eight damage It's a cable didn't bite him on a foot so minus two to attack when you're probably So I don't count that he does Yeah, okay Because you can still attack while your product does allow you to contribute to flanking.

We can't see the change from the AC on his card. Can you move away so I can see if there's AC changes? I think it includes it. Is this the same thing? Is this AC operating up? I only see it in the... Oh, there it is. So it detects flanking and applies it. Perfect. Not a car. Yeah, so 8 damage, 8 damage. I'll take 8 damage on the man.

Gota's AC is 18. Miss Adder is just a D.E.I. And it says the port every illegal. It's supposed to be like the white ones. So why does it mess up the target like that? So they want to stop you. What's your AC right now, Gota? 18. Was I still on? Wait, are you trying to stab the dead guy?

The game is set in a post-apocalyptic world where zombies have taken control of the council. The council is an unwilling creature, so you can't just count on him as an object. You must do that square. It's just down the map. I wish I could have done it. No, it probably been over there. Oh well. Bob hit him. Hit him hard.

Bob has a full set of actions by the way. So Bob is actually going to swing down on this on the promulginkins on the ground. Can I stand on that people? How's it work with you? You have to tumble through the square. A success means you can treat this square as a difficult train. You got half speed. A failure means you got this square.

Chris Jenkins is a pro at fighting in the latest edition of The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. He and his team have been playing the game for the first time. They are trying to learn the rules of the game in order to get the most out of their abilities. They have to learn how to deal with different types of attacks, and how to use them to their advantage.

Rowan says standing up and then laying back down a six would kill him. He says you can't want to hit Bob with the name Jenkins the cannot Currently Bob has the attention to three Jenkins. He'll only take three and you roll six four. But I think you would get I thinkyou would get 10 Now you are up You see a lot of swinging misses. A lot of prone people One dying man.

You 25 that was your diagonal 10 you if your first diagonal is five your second one is 10 your third one is 5 your second Fourth one is10, so then that would be 10. I had to move twice Okay, do you still have an actual line? Yeah, two strides How much is water to cheat one action? I'm pretty sure it's just one when you throw it into the chat every time If you're on practice or you zero each here no, it just increases your like Something about you get hit it takes Yeah, something about When you come back from dying your left of the wounded condition, which means when you put it dying again.

Kevin: "I was like, there's a lushy. He's wearing a robe and he also has a burlap sack on his head" "We're asking his Bob's rib cage. Well, it's it. We protected any day" "Dead James is his turns in the dead. It'll eventually be yours when he skips over" "There's a song for people. It's about this battle"

The battle started with me turning around. The melee attack part hit. They both hit the A hit, but it did seven damage above. And then the spell part was eight damage for two persistent lead. Down hit it. Wow. You just said 15 damage and gave two bleed. They're, wow. Turning it around everybody. We turned it in. I mean, that was everything.

Azov rises to his full height. Oh swill critical missing light back down. Azov you you you've been healed by the power of plant water. You can move over the prone one we just decided. There's a dead big one also in that box. See that same area. On the part. No going to the left. Can you give him bleed too?

It's going to be two ones. He can't deal less than one. But if it's a one and a one, he has minus two to hit damage. It puts you on conscious and dying. You just keep your eyes closed. It's a yonfras pose. Oh. The shinkans come in to stab you on the ground. Sure. There's some serious plant that floats around.

Shira is a bloody pool on the ground. You have an healing? You can help. Just tap your down to the next time. There's probably a plug-in that I can make. I am now cursed, man. And Adam, you hit that four. I give my face. Did that apply healing? Two fifth curse. Does that mean I'm not dying? Do I check the room? Yes, we will.

You are cursed for drawing too closely near mystery's powers. Your irregular curse is constricting around you as you receive divine punishment. The gods are making me not be cool anymore. I have a problem. Like, it's probably the soul. So I mean, it really started for you where you got out muscled by a jank. And then the one that just put Adam on the ground is the one I am targeting and casting voyward against again.

"Skelly Bob" takes on the role of a curse-stricken baseball player. The show follows the life of the character as he tries to overcome the curse. The cast takes on a series of challenges to see if they can win the game. The final challenge sees Skelly Bob take on one of the curse's most powerful curses, the curse of the dead.

"I chopped down the the straw man that Pat put out there and it was so good I was like oh no this is really bad but I I didn't understand at that time that he had to like to kill me but trade miss first time all right how many okay is that all right yeah I technically keep healing I just get shinier and shiniers and shinier go up and you're up bad"

"I think there is a way to stop bleeding. The fire... I think there's a chain you can make out by his office foot" "I'm supposed to save after each one. After you take persistent damage roll with TC Fletch, you see the curve. I can only go up the curse now. You should go through it if you succeed the condition" "There's a lot of characters like Ink Night. They just like you one fire"

"I just genuinely think that we were in a bag. We still got two little shins and we got to deal with them" "I'm a crit though. Well, there's still time. There's still three more bonuses. I got to accept it." "I hit once and then I made the other one hit, I guess. I'm going to undo that"

"I'm some spells that really that that that matters for, but. God knocked down. That means never Christmas. I want to get that knocked down" Ordy attempts to cast wood for more. This is the weirdest battle he's ever been summoned into. Ordy: "It looks like it's 15 feet across. Can I take cover on it? On it?"

"I like to use the take cover reaction as my final action for the turn. And cheer Bob on. He just everything Bob does is ceremony" "As far as the as he does. As far as dance, you've seen those dancing. You gotta get down, shake your booty, get back up, you know, just that" "There's only one dude left to look. No two. There's one next to me"

There's an old song that ludicrous dude big foot he's just foot down he fall down he tells me to get up yeah you're doing that yeah yeah yeah fuck that song and I know it's called there's two Jenkins a lot is all we got one by godo and one looking my shields busted can you do my thing that's the thing I don't know without my shield or defensive advance broke it shit.

"I'm just going to get into the plan. I gotta keep taking feats that give me the required focus. Give me focus. That's how you get up to three focus. But I was... And that is... I love you the mastery. Is it? I'm on my mystery. Come on, boy. Oh, good bad. 19 over the hit. Pop it up. The second one's always nice. Go though. It's up to you."

"I'm almost dead. You take three bullets. Yeah, I'll go get my own armor, please. Yes, I will put my armor back on. That's great. It's the cleanest thing to sell about. Spots. Like this" "You're living in our action country by another point. Now in the table. Because you just think about it."

"I would like to see the girl besides just alcohol. The girl could have like a key or anything that we might care about on his body. But it's not just his coogry and alcohol. It's just like what I'm looking for in the rifle through the pockets. You can rifle through his... And then also I'd like to dissect him because I've never dissected this guy before"

The deck contains stick parchment cards, each roughly half the size of a playing card. Each card simply states the name of its cantrip, color coded based on its school. This pack contains 24 cards, one of each full pack in the rule book. in the core rulebook. You also find a silver sector set with some of my precious stones. The last thing you just take the number of cantrips.

