Yeah, if I got dragged straight down I'd probably Would have dragged us in the water this way and we would have gone closer to shore Yes At the same time because who been helpful who knows if they're gonna somehow cut the rope or so Now that we being pulled down it just with ghosty hands who knows if his rope is strong All right, go now roll maybe you roll better underwater Right that's like just underneath needs to be a 13th So one is no swim. That's such a great modifier for this You really do The challenge is that's what bulk the element is this whole thing Oh, and athletics roll 23 that time. Oh, fucking river Well, I'll increase the block for the

depth because of the weight of the rest of the river on top. So you can move the surface on the water easier than you can move the water away. Can you move the water around the rope or make contact and pull the bubble of water with the rope with it? I got one twelve then twenty twenty twenty two. Okay that's twenty. So you make twenty feet of progress? Oh yeah. Yeah so you're out. On the short problem. The short one. Okay you. I am way. It's the ten feet free for you. Right but aren't you also ten feet down right now? Yeah but he crit success one of those six. He's going to be square and he will see squared that's not going to be the crit he said fifteen. Okay ten. Yeah. I would probably get the depth even though I probably

I can stand up and have feet on the ground. I'm trying to make sure that I can take the tempest to the T-Pon or should I try and start pulling? We also swim. You should probably wait to see what the rope does. Okay. Hold on to the rope harder. Action. Increase rope grip. Work grip plus plus. You move and existing. Alright. You guys are grabbing the rope. I'm going to pull on the rope three times when he reads the rules. That's a press destroyer. Okay. Start pulling on the rope. Our rope is stuck. Okay. Yeah, that's awesome. You critical rope pull. Pretty good. Great. Good job.

No, roll a 13. That's a die. Swim a tip number two. Yeah. That's 10. You hit it. No, you don't. You hit it. You hit it. You hit it. You hit it. You hit it. So tip number three. I got it. We did it. Yes. Okay, very tired. Flap it around. What feathers are everywhere? Pat, those are like D&D rolls. Athletics. What is athletics? I got this in my eyes closed. I got... I got... I got all of them. I got... 10 feet in the dive. I was like, I was getting... You have to hit the roll button after that. Yes. Yeah. Eyes closed, eh? Habad. Natural ones. Plus seconds of surgery. No. No, no. Yes. No progress. No progress. Just never. No progress. Yes. No progress. No progress. No progress. No progress. No progress. just no rocket something bad no, is it crazy to help people who want to go to the house? if you were under your breath it would cost you an air increment for a crypt fill oh good well he's under water now right? no no no that's a 13 I don't know it is just a 14 look better than a 6 one more you got it no to 13? 13 is it? yep we don't need one more? yeah yeah okay so you guys the three of you just got on this robot uh the go through that years like capsized bird shake water all under and then you guys swim out and so um we're slumped to the dock and poises yourself up so like face down on the dock after you just sort of I after that after getting out doing the thing I like to like lay down on the dock shut my head in the water and see if I can see the other half of the ghosty hands oh yes I didn't take the time to preserve any ghosts or spirits at all give me a perception check so there's the number for it what's he doing? starts with two pat please oh that starts with two? yes okay you notice a weird family glowing ripple you need to water just like in there doing the thing yeah but like ghostly and glock can I then uh now seeing that roll of another uh occultism check against it for a recall knowledge about ghosty ripple no you're a did this with the top of the hands with the hands it's the same okay so you guys getting that boat all right the boat's gone yeah I guess the boat is just a synonymous yeah like 30 feet out yeah who's idea was this boat I go what about this boat over here? nice and tense late afternoon we can't row well I know we can't blame the rowing I would blame the rowing if there's no water but preventing us from doing this get around in the water which the water could work you know what after a while I think we should unfortunately for you but we're gonna have to go up top of the other bridge because I don't see us getting across the water oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh my gosh I don't see the other boats up or functional so the one that we did find yeah we didn't find it we only found one boat there's other ones here what about this one I say when you get another boat you all found boats but they were all unserviceable and the center found a serviceable boat that just got flipped by ghost hands how far how far how wide was the water rush across two or three to three well like the do the distance we were gonna do is two hundred maybe on under 180 like you know we didn't try that now you think it's swim swim I'm not swimming I'm not going back in that water I would go to the quenchance so you guys have lived in Willershore forever and the rule don't go in the water we're gonna go surround it's like you're all sick this freaked out yeah there's now in my head there's actual ghost around there because those were ghosts there was something in the water I don't know what it was also the last one but if you play now exactly when you were on the boat how many friends did you have I've robbed you in number I didn't I said there was a little multiple little chickens around on fours and three and fours and 30 the description sounded like 223 but I don't know if the number was really we have a surgery there's something I can interact with some of the I can't I think physical something physical there's got to be some on the way besides the boat some breach but there's a really good bridge we're gonna talk we're gonna talk just with the mall so painfully hard to pan on the touchpad for this do you put it okay that's your minimize we can try to sleep that I'm gonna do a really wanna try that there's gonna be um four Jenkins and one of these houses here this is the boat house you should have the look what's the range on your crossbow oh I thought you raised your little place oh I remember that answer I remember that answer I do remember I saw it you said he had a calmy but it might have been you say literally none of us have a use for this I mean fans do have houses because I was thinking like oh you could choose big and big for fours you could lift I was thinking should we take it it's like a light air oh you should pass you could touch it it gets a prize it's like always always shiny ammunition and sheds a bright light and shed So we'll give the combat or We go back to the place ask if anybody else does when he and the trines on the side of the river that we haven't already tried Wait, and have them help us pull some other there's an option. There's there's two options. This is a pathfinder. There is options CDFGH They try and we try to walk across the dam the time to walk across water be Jesus They're just gonna pull some dirt. No, they will or go look for the spider statue and have that curious across board We're approximately again to the map to the way the tea house No, we're yeah, those are milling houses right by the docs here. Yeah All these people are at the One Boarded up in kinds of shit. Yeah, but we have a point outside of your Safe zone and the watch tower. We've not seen any other people We saw a bunch of dead people in the road Something to discuss myself. I was gonna say let's go to everybody Everybody owns a boat So Neb just popped into a house right by the dots Yeah, right by go to well On the first floor, you don't see anything there's no there's not a second floor so There are no clothes in the room you were in But Look if it's closed. Oh my guys try to find this guy The last Bigger you Who say he's less heat height? Yeah, what is that? I can probably hide you my shield I got a bedroom just shove him inside and carry on yeah, you find I Still got eight sacks. Can you fit in one of my sacks? This is actually the home to the tallest person in town No, you find like a a chest of drawers and when you pull it open there are Some like soap robes Cotton robes There they're not being used Okay, I grab one It's gonna smell the airplane and a hat on the way up There's no

That's the things they're sitting. I thought I'm the pilot. Yeah, they're going to be sitting right here as soon as you tell me that you're close enough. Where? That pile in front of the bridge. So you'd be coming in for the south side drop? It's not this way. Oh, you realize the distance there is, like, six feet. Oh, it's... Oh, this has squares, again, if you get close. The... One, two, three. The bridge is four squares wide. It's 20. But I'm not going to put you guys in an encounter here on this map until you tell me that you was walked in front of them. I could be coming in with the south. Oh, yeah. Well, south of this, but yeah. Yeah. Yeah, south of this we have no range. We need to know where it is. We need to know where it is. We need to know where it is. We need to know where it is. Just putting in a range. I'm raised. I'm raised. Yeah. You've raised every cop, but... I have a ball I can throw. All right. 30 feet is working. I'm doing a damage, but I can throw a ball. Yeah. I technically have range. Okay. So I've got magic business. Okay. Yeah. So you guys can see them. So you should plan your... Are we going to walk right up to them? Are we going to go behind the trees and throw shit at them? Or is Adam going to go and talk to him? I take off my chain mail. Put them in my backpack. I'll go... I guess we're going to go and get them. I guess we're going to go and get them. Y'all can decide your own plan. I'm taking off my chain mail and getting an ordinary clothing. Oh yeah. Okay. It's not on. It's not equipped. I just want to say, we see piles of corpses, right? There are a few corpses around, right? Yeah. We did. We did get it told us about seeing dead bodies of normal, everything people. We're just going to kill it. And... I'm going to kill it. I'm going to kill it. I'm going to kill it. I'm going to kill it. I'm going to kill it. I think we're guarding the bridge. We'll talk about the cross. Yeah. Remember, and the busso... He said the busso is drinking and... You mean this? You're not making the word susceptible to him. Yeah. I would say you're not making it... It's less likely that Adam tries to seduce the busso. Go on. So I already moved my character. My chain mail's off. Is this close enough? Yeah. You started my counter. Yeah. Everybody's going to go and get it. I think I would even get it. I think I would even get it. You guys can start wherever you would like. I would like to be 10-15. Yeah. I think that's where we would be. Yeah. I think there's a movement itself. Dying a thing, I'm wearing a mask. It's gonna make it look like a mask. I'm wearing a mask. I'm wearing a mask. I'm wearing a mask. I'm wearing a mask. I'm wearing a mask. I'm wearing a mask. Really beautiful! They're still small, so… We're tangent to them. Watch us! We're tangent, because... Who'd option, who'd back? I mean... That's me, that's right, please get us! Ass! If, if worked! I could give you… I could... Not, if I could give you… Ah. I, I need to see… This is the finish tag of…. I can't zoom in. I can't see anything anymore. I can't see anything anymore. Wait, how come I'm not... what? I can't see shit. I look... no. Can you hear the characters are gone? Everything was there. I'm trying to take all your CPU to run your voice shit to note. No, it's still a person. I'm just... I don't know. I would have been back. Okay, hey, you guys need to roll on this. Okay. But it should be... There should be an encounter tab now. Yeah. Just... So everything's loading again. I'll say... What will be if you need to move? There is no token in this scene which gives you visible of the area. Yeah, I don't have a move to... I just want to get that naked. I hit you. Hey, sure. You're in there now. A. She was going to be like... Oh, where did it go? Oh, come back! She was flew away! I missed a dragon team. She was like... She was like, so just slow, slow away. I kept trying to grab it. I roll. When you click on the encounter tab, there's a big one right there. Where is it? Where's the encounter tab? The sword is the sword at the top. So you should have a die. You can just click that and it'll do your mission. I don't have a stun here. Well, it's because you already rolled two of the sheds. I had no. No.

What the state would be in the they decide so He gets two actions this turn and then it's just a normal person in the combat. Does he for roll for a niche? I think so. Yeah, it says so how hang on. Let me give that in the text here though, which is a Who was the creature Generally attacks your enemies the best of its abilities if you continue to do it. You cannot attempt you can attempt to command it Put the jam the term is the degree of it. Oh, I think I don't control it right? because it's Like I'm not a great summon So he will attempt to attack enemies Quote will mindlessly and I can try to give it orders and stuff but that it's up to you on how successful I am okay cool But he's got a lot of stuff. I'm gonna guess very yeah You also believe has a rotting aura so this is your guy Pat your care is token is this zombie Shambla yes That's pretty disturbing a Good summon that's Susan from down the street Yeah, and I can't something Susan no I'm so many net 30 feet out by the way like oh God wrong type of strange thing. I'm good. You see my doing it. Yes blue squares The blue squares are mean. Oh the zombie is slowed one. I don't make it How do you spell name? Buso V. I saw don't look up this good stuff. I like to put it on your right you what I said Yeah No, but All the the funnabilities so it's for me to I'm not looking at abilities What Pat I want to put it here I'm trying to ping again. Oh You can choose where to put it there is a rain

30 feet okay you like I'm trying to get rid of my I think I moved myself on I see in this zombie like that's not me what do you see yeah no I mean like does it does it come up from under the ground does yeah yeah he's like he's like like you get like a weird little void shadowy puddle and he just starts coming out of the void chat this looks like a combat that we're gonna need some help with well any help if I'm scared I don't want ghost to hit me anymore something man if you actually come to the blue square I can't let's see also I have a ring around my character now I'm about to do that where are you hiding yeah I don't oh there you go oh you've inside the I was aware of you guys also here I forget that you're token it's like small it says now remember you used to say like right then you should put it out with your own so yeah yeah yeah yeah you gotta click on that weird little spell dude yeah wait right down yeah and then once that thing appears it takes two actions rough against my enemies yes it has two like it normally next round it'll have three but right now it's right it's a slowed one I'm gonna roll for zombies and finish zombie crushed it with a 20 and that's 20 he's in here with a hero and he's going right after you and he attacks your enemies yeah can you tell me the spell again just so I can make sure I'm faithful so I'm in dead and you need to go look at the tag after that called summoned to actually get the like the running it or yeah summon undead just says you could summon undead and here's the level thing list yes and that's all it says okay but some end in the heavily from player core a creature called by the effect gains the summon trade someone treat your camp someone other creatures can't go with

Yeah well you could probably communicate with it especially if it's Susan from town. Yeah so are you done that uses three actions for you? What if I just found out? I think that's why it gives him to though. Yeah but also awesome then he appeared right in front of your enemies. Yeah. All right do you... Yeah also I don't... Here's some sort of aura. Don't trick that. Well he has the mindless trait undead trait. Rodinora? Holy trait zombie trait. What aura? I see nothing with raw. Zombie abilities. Oh wait sorry you can modify zombies with the following abilities. Never mind that's not I'll get that part of the undead. Oh yeah. No yeah never mind. So he should have melee jaws and grab right? Where he was collecting bones. Oh man. So his ability slowed one that takes an action away every turn. So maybe that? Yeah so he's slowed one unless you like hasten or something. So holy rubs who actually... Yeah. Well right now that means right now he only has one action. No I don't see that. I see he does have slowed one. Yeah but some end says... On the turn that I've summoned to the creature the creature has two actions. And you're saying he has negative one every time. Wait immediately when you finish casting this spell the summoned creature uses its two actions for the turn. Right. Oh yeah we only get two. That's yeah he only takes his right account the minus one. Yeah so we're gonna try to figure it out for that. My other kind of summons don't have slowed one. And they say two actions. The summons of trait bones. The creatures do not have slow. It does what you want to do right? No I think so. I heard those words. It's just two actions of turn is how I read it. See? Where are you? We're doing that now. If everything does what you want it to do now. Where do I need to go? I think you missed it. The line to it does look like it won't. F and 2e. Slowed into his one. I mean I agree with that. It's a final and raw and every other turn has two really what it is.

Normally everything is so much inside whatever someone says take two actions You have two actions. Okay. Oh, okay. Okay. No Why do you say anything to to Susan? No, okay Okay, spell let it go Yeah It generally attacks your enemies to the best with its ability Mm-hmm. It's a nice rule. It does what you wanted to do right? No, I think so. It's just two actions of turns how I read it Great. The line to it does look like it won't F and 2v Slowed into one that's a final and all and every other turn really is what it is. It does what you want Okay, so here's the real We'll see Focus and just said F Oh, maybe I got at one point it also said in the raw transcript the word action like 20 times I don't know what happened there, but I want to see if I can like utilize this and then like Put in our notes, but maybe like summarize the summarize and something like see if it's good enough to just be like You're almost so far Just enough to jog our memory for the future. Yeah, that was um, right I think I from Who became CEO of Bigurntaylor and he's like for saying I do a super mattress for a hundred days Er, he just said I get an apartment when I get a new job Just I only put a mattress in there and that's all I do for a hundred days is work in super mattress and I forget what he does I live in normal but he says like I like data and he's like then I normalize it three times over This guy Yeah, this is out on the multiple attack penalty or if he attacks the second time it'll it should Don't get to see any of this is great. I have no idea how good somebody is doing For like term, term, term, nice. You can't see in the chat. Oh, the question marks so the zombie just appeared and tried to lunge at this Jenkins

and like bite at it. But the Jenkins just like slinks out of its way. They're very dexterous little dudes and the zombie is too slow and all the Jenkins laugh at that and they don't look more aggressive. They are like laughing in the boost of Gorbogat is also laughing. So I have the last one. Yeah, he's the minus one. Yeah, it's not bad. It's not bad. It's not backwards. Yeah. That's not what I wanted to do. Right. There must be something more that we should read in this text on the other hand. Look, and I eventually get to the length of summon levels. It was just not yet. Next. No, you don't. No, you might as well to level what? Hey, Shira, you're all we've done so far. It's made them laugh. Yeah, no, really. Also, you are wearing the armor and a zombie just appeared out of the ground by you. And tried to bite these Jenkins and was super slow. The zombie did try to attack. That's right. Yeah, but the Jenkins just like laughed at them and dodged like this. Do I know if they think the zombie came from any of the things associated with me? Girl, that's too drunk to think about it. And Jenkins are too busy holding their stomachs laughing at this zombie that just came up and was so freaking slow. Plenty of chains. All right. So I step up lightly onto the ground. Where is the armor? I stepped off to the leg and the brush there before we, like when we were going to be pleased then. So like 45 feet like me. Yeah, yeah. Unless your turn goes really well, you're going to have to update your stab block to remove your armor. I know.

So I step lightly onto the bridge. Yeah, my silk robes clothing catching the breeze flowing just enough to show off my delicacy figure. Mmm. Yes. That's what I'm playing too. Yeah. The girl with that burps again with this kind of wife's mouth that sits up a little strater to look at this attracted to music. My, my look at you standing tall and proud. Well, you know, I need to change a little bit. Look at you sitting tall and proud on your throne. You must be quite the protector to protect your e-girl got on this bridge and like the jeans this chairman. Yay. I wonder could you really turn away poor little me? Just like maybe crossover with me and a couple of my friends. Nobody in willing short crosses girl girl got sprig. I'm not here to cause any trouble just to pass through. You see I have little to offer. I have a little something off her in exchange though if you'd like a little dance. Dance for a girl girl. There's nothing in here to help. I'm sweating water. I'm going so off script here. What is it? I said dance for a girl. Do you do what that way you want? I start up by nice dance I guess. Huh? Performance track. Yeah. I was waiting for the roll call. But. This is going to be like an in two day. No, this is what just need to accomplish with your dance. The dance is like a sensual dance you know. She's trying to arouse the flow. Yeah. I just want to take advantage of this. This is the point. Oh. I can actually do. I mean, probably it's either like a deception or. Or diplomacy. Water deception is no. That's what the plant in the bag is doing. Okay, you influence others through negotiation and flattery. How about that? Yeah, that's diplomacy. Okay. Uh. Yeah.

Okay, so you might change his mind. Okay. Yeah, so like make an impression with at least a minute in conversation during which you engage in charismatic overtures, flattery and other acts of goodwill. You seek to make a good impression on someone to make them temporarily agreeable. At the end of the conversation, I think that diplomacy check against the will DC of the target. You can choose up to five targets if you take a minus two penalty. I'm pretty much focusing on the main guy, assuming that the Jenkins are kind of just like the side shows. Yeah, you're going to have to do this for one minute. One minute? Yes, you have to do this for 10 rounds. Okay, but all that means is you need to make sure no one's attacked any more. Right. Except for the zombie. Right. And I'm just hoping the party understands that it's all talking happened. Well, I did say I got this and then never at least kind of gave a head nod, but didn't want to work exactly what she needs to talk for a minute to make it diplomacy check. So before I do start the dance, let me give you just a little dance. If the dance doesn't work, I'll even give you a little kiss if I can get a cross cruise. Yeah, the Jenkins like follow each other saying they want to kiss. I will do a kiss for everybody and the best kiss for you. What's your name, sir? We're going to get goes by no name. Go to go to the no name. Okay, so I will start. You will start dancing and that's your turn. Yes. So the you start doing a dance and the Jenkins who are up next in the mission watch. You have like a Bluetooth speaker. You said I'm going to do that. Okay, I'm tired. She's removed her armor and has started doing the dance. Actually, I'm going to stride. Are you striking? I mean, stride. Is that being said? Try.

United out That was my one extra That was one. Okay. If I'm about continuing with a second try. Yeah. Uh, you're going to stop him. Yeah, so there would have needed to be more. Sorry. So. Why don't see and I mean it's not anyone's turn to interrupt you. So the chickens would have to tear. Who knows if you can attack a fine opportunity. Uh, in P of two either isn't an attack of opportunity. There is something else. A trait, right? There was an uptrait for attacking the market. Um, because the attack of opportunity I think was a real. They nerfed it a bunch. So. It's turbo. I can just stroll right by. It's called. My job to is definitely a feat. That the bar bearing in the champion. It's a good. Reactive strike. Is so like fighters get it. Barbarians get it. Champions get it for free. You have to take it otherwise. So let me see if these champions have it. Yeah. Yeah. One day it's like once just walking over. What the fuck is happening? Um, one. One for two. Just in case. Yeah, like is all you have to do in P of two is a head fake now. Just like go right by guys. What's your speed, sir?

25 8 pf 2 e 142 142 She'll have something that says a type of opportunity on it somewhere I do strict right to seal No, it's not something exactly the stride one issue regarding to 140 140 to 142 Other seats Right to shield Yeah, you got it you got to have it As I can tell you got to have it and fighters get it for left free level one Yeah, do you have it go to Megas it says has it? I have to take it. He has access to it, but he doesn't keep it in that bag. Yeah, default I think it's the whole three or four it picked it up. I don't know me I guess it must be pretty powerful in this now that nobody has it Oh Yeah But it is a little weird like if my range speed isn't higher than signers. I'll never close on them Wait, these little guys are super fast They are no oh, they are oh They can So as you walk by He wins Girl go get yeah says Girl go get says no one crosses And His attention is off off Share an on you is off Oh You know, he said the eyes off of me. Yeah, he's pissed the soul of walking across his bridge. Yeah Son of a bitch I had it all of them were Enthrobed and trance Thrown is what you want throw throw it by my beauty and grace and I'll come over and help you all right You know, I don't think you can get the music Okay, this the Jenkins in front by the Jenkins just gonna move a little bit

good. One thing not bad. I thought you took all three. It's not a great. I'm sorry. You can take three strides, right? Yeah, it's good. It's so foggy over to the foggy. All stands up. Like everything is like the best way to get to that. Pat and I. You walk into all so you're facing out again. Face the battery you came from. Yeah, so you got through attention. Yeah. I guess I will use another. Yeah, basically from play tests and stuff. They wanted it. So with everything having to have opportunity. Mixed. They made a comeback. That is stagnant. Right. No, because there wasn't. There was a real disincentive to move. Yeah, they want this to be dynamic like this. Yeah, now they basically the little shits if they wanted to. They could have already an action or something comes into my area. I attack which is be the same as an attack of opportunity if they were ready for it. Yeah, but you can't describe it. They're all drunk and party. They would have been ready for that. I was moved to that position. Okay, you've hurt girl, got a yell and he's turned. That's all I'm going to say during this turn. He's facing you. And that Jenkins moved over toward you. Navature. Your turn. Are you wearing a bag in a row? Yeah, okay, just check me over. So you're already on the right. You are already just barking. The other arm. Just playing. No plan. I don't look on your thing. Where's that? I don't know. You equipment type had it for me who's a team maker's apron.

or a third tab. Yeah, third tab. Armor. Leafleaf. That shows as a good natural armor. Yeah, yeah, nothing here. What's your AC? Oh, Leafleaf. No, Leafleaf's a physical piece armor. What's your AC? It's light. What's your AC? It's light. What's your AC? My AC7. What? Okay. Oh, it's like, uh, will be a set of leaves. I don't have my finger. Okay. I don't know what it is in normal. It's a 17, 17. So it's probably a 14 right now because my armor gives plus three. Oh, yeah. Will you remove that while we fight? How do you just remove that? Go to your equipment. I mean, go to the inventory and there's a little set. Dance and then check. Like a battle. Okay, pull out the torch. Yeah. Stoned. And light it. Stoned. Okay. So is that two actions? So now it'll be like in the inventory. Pulled it towards your opponent. Pulled it towards your opponent. I'm not sure if it's a 13. No, what is it? 13. 13. Oh. Action. Hey, all eye and eyes are on me. Against the barrier, you can feel the shield. Sorry. Only eyes, apparently, are on me because eye is not. Do you mean the thing that I fight? Do you have some shield with you? Or do you need that in the pushers too? I just took off the armors. I guess it's real. I like the way I'm going around. I was throwing leaves. I was throwing leaves. When you said you left it, it's a push. I said the shield on the ground. I said it. You have to spin it. Yeah, but the one in it. It's a part of the dance. It's a part of the dance. You dance with it. It's been on the ground. Break, break, dance. Call this the turn cable. Yeah. What is it? It's a big athletic check. What are you throwing? A torch. A lit torch. And then. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I was thinking about six range increments. I was thinking about six range. I was thinking about six range. I was thinking about six range. I was thinking about six range. I was thinking about six range. I was thinking about six range. I was thinking about six range. I was thinking about six range. I was thinking about six range. I was thinking about six range. I was thinking about six range. I was thinking about six range. I was thinking about six range. I was thinking about six range. I was thinking about six range. I was thinking about six range. I was thinking about six range. I was thinking about six range. I was thinking about six range. I was thinking about six range. I was thinking about six range. I was thinking about six range. I was thinking about six range. So, maybe you'll remember me the following day about six range. So, maybe you'll remember me the following day about six range.

Well, 6 range, you can ask. 6 range. I'm going to throw a torch up to 60 feet. Right. Yeah. I'm chucking it on the pile this year. I mean, I like even like. Okay. So since you're where are you trying to him? Girl got. What's going on between him and the junket, the students here. Okay. So if you want to hit a specific square, you mean like an attack roll. I mean, right into the center of the pile, like this pile of shit. The giant wooden pile. Yeah. Okay. Give me a very specific stuff. But even for the center of that pile of shit. Okay. Give me. You hit the pile with the DC of fiber more on a flat shell. So roll the 20. Just the 20 and get more than a five and you get the pile. It's five. If it goes like five and ten. All right. Five and ten. All right. You throw a lit torch right into the center of that pile. Into the pile. So. Yeah. So always just like. Yeah. This is like, you know, damp wood. We said it was robo cartons and stuff. So you see, you need some hydrotiknics for your dancing. The cheerups. Um, hydrotiknics for your dancing. You're welcome. Now there's a lit torch on the pile. It hasn't like the wood didn't just go out and left. Yeah, there's a lit torch. Yeah, really making it hard, you know. Probably more of all. Let me see the bubble boister in the air. Probably. Probably not. Something. Okay. Okay. Uh, that was my three actions. Yeah. Well, you were sure it's blood. This is so funny. It's got purest dancing. And you guys. And you know that. Did you remove your armor by the way? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

I don't know how you want to handle the field did you I said just the chainmail Maybe you had it just I think I just have Oh, okay, kev I think you got these guys attention so Oh Damn it everyone's taking the fucking intentional way just walk across Wait out the dance one minute just go and do your bird call Just go and call a little bit around it's a senior All right, we have to go just like pass us that's that's that's that's that's that's and then speed that up All right Yeah, I think this this maybe I'm seeing with the fire these guys are gonna scatter and start We're fighting so this Jenkins Steiner Oh Like scampers up to you all sketchy you read what that is I See that's interesting to know And it just like comes off the jabs at you with this short sword and Well It This is you another one Oh So hang on a sec let's make sure the multiple attack penalty was in there Can you see a little from the thing? I'll have to do that this last role was very high But it did not apply a map So the first map is minus four Okay, so it's gonna hit you Yeah, it rolled a 27

Yeah, that's like as good as he can do, but also these are fast little Yeah, it would have been Which is why I was asking For yeah, it's not I didn't hit the Didn't set this up Okay, so Well Here it goes It is for damage Two of which are piercing if that matters If I set you to be 17 get it Okay, yeah, there you go Oh Well, this is a big encounter. Yeah, it's not small All right, uh this this one is coming in reverse and it's gonna start to put the extra economy back in their favor Do best boys step the zombie kind of multiple at once I said it to six because of concentration Um, can you see that one now? Yes, okay In the answers Yeah, private all your rules you can private You said your target here did not bury I did no transparent Hmm Like yes But it is the 2011 that's 11 that's 11 didn't do it 11 did Hit in f11 Hey, perfect, you move that more screen space Sit the green button on the top left Pat your zombie to one Yeah, I will open a calculator Or do you have this health bar on your side? I have a cell phone I don't control this okay I Kosen

should have a 20-HP to start. Mark's. That should have a minus eight. So this is a miss. I'm still figuring out the map and I'll just move it on. I'm going to check in. I'm going to check in. I'm going to check in. This one's coming to attack the zombie as well. I might have to go. I'm getting all excited. Uh, I guess, air. Is your net in water at aenne's? You canか. Yeah. Unfortunately, you're gonna do it once every 10 minutes. I don't remember how I worked. Yes. Yeah, there's like once every 10 minutes, you can do it. So it's gonna be a one for combat. For person. Okay, next is go to bottom of the round. I'm gonna stride. Do you charge up for stuff? No. I have a different plan. Okay. I'm going to have to do it. I got to shoot. We're going to. You already have pets. It's been a for a while. Yeah. It's a different game. Oh, you're talking to your knob. Yeah. So five, 15. Wow, the day. I built like two cities. There's a place in my way. That's the lantern. Probably can't walk through that. But the lantern was at the far. No, I think they're both at the near end. The lantern was on the near. He said the lantern was at the near end last time we walked by though. Yeah, the lantern in the booster. This is the eternal lantern. So the entry point right now. Uh-huh. That's why I was cool with like, I guess we'll try all three shrines on this side. Because at first I thought it was on the other side and then he repeated that. This one inside right there. Here's how he's about to be. But he is next to people. You can try it.

Yeah, I need you I need you where he is And then I am going Behind him if you want to do an aoe thing As Boy, but I am doing a lot of damage don't worry about that Yeah, it is bad Thank you Yeah, remember when you fought two of them by the houses on the way to Matt Suki's on the first night It didn't go super easily It didn't go too badly Yeah, but What they Yeah, that was in the forest like wake up fight some easy centipedes. Yeah, those kicked their ass Yes, yes So you need to toggle the target state of somebody one at a time You Wait, sure what's your aura deal That's like my super awesome more I know and have we forgot no we've used it mostly Yeah This is the only opportunity to do anything with this kind of yeah, you know, nothing any follower of my d2 He's a real shield I know Fourth Yeah, that's it. That's it. It's been raised my shield

and transparent but one of your allies in your champions or the shield's Granthalandish will plus one into their AC. You just use two and each time an enemy makes an attack on that ally, the enemy takes one deal or that. I haven't cast it. No it's because they're dancing. It's like it's not there. Yeah. It's Keith's coin. Just look at this mouse. Here's guy who's right there. Go in and out. Go to rushes over to the zombie and looks at the two Jenkins and pulls out a USB mouse. Looks at him. Shit he's got a mouse. You hear one of the Jenkins. I'm going to have a two-serred top and a turn. Turn around and that top. The Farge of the cone. You are not in selecting mode right now. Are you? Oh god. What? I don't know why he's doing that. Oh. Make another one. So it's not that bad. Click on that one. No, yeah. Get on that one. No. The one that is on your control. I'm not hitting a big screen moving at times. Wait. It's a coin that looks like this. Right click and drag is move screen so don't do that. You need a back on the targeting thing for I think that's. I didn't click anything. It just it it does scroll with the mouse touching the edge of the screen with the mouse plugged in. Was this because you're in full screen mode with that 11? Possibly. Oh, but I don't know how this is. You need that weird box to appear again. Yeah. How do you draw that thing? Oh, you're on the wrong ruler. You need to change to the other ruler. That just started drawing a new one. No, but you know what you're touching when you got it there. When you're on this ruler, there will be a box that's like on your character. Yeah, that box. Yeah. And then go. Now you've selected. I think that's. Oh, you need. Oh. Okay. Double click the box. Okay.

Okay, that's something. Now you make another. Click. Wait, no, don't click. Just wait. What if you rotate that thing just now? No, double click that thing again. So it is highlighted. And what you did before. Oh, not double. So it's these. Can you just type it in here? Rotate. Rotate. Angle. 180. No. 270. Let's just start with. No. So what the fuck? It's not what I expected at all. Sweet. You're sweet. Listen. You're sweet. That was perfect. Nobody got that other vehicle card. No. Wait, when you place this, you get this. Go to check this out. Okay. When you place the thing, you can rotate your mouse and choose the before you let go of it. How? So like create a new one. But just click the mouse and start hold it while you drag and move. Yeah, click and hold. I didn't know where. Click at the source and just drag and hold. Yes. If I was making another. Oh, no. Woo! That's it. That's a good hammer. Oh. There you go. Well, so then. Yeah, this mouse is now making it. Pain, screen pain. Which I don't like. I'm still doing it. Oh, I can get it because you're an F11. I turned off a lot. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. Because you're an F11. I turned off a lot. I've never done it. I have no idea. Wait, I can do it in finger pointing mode. It's doing it. Press and hold. And then rotate around. Nope. Just to get close to the edge of the screen, apparently, the pan's now. It's somehow turning setting on. I'm just saying. Because I definitely don't do that. Yeah, I wish I did it. Oh, well, I'm hitting. I have two.

of the flag right now. Well, I just need a right hand. Yeah, please. 15, for sure. Oh, it really is a quick and drag. Yes. But the other one's still there. Well, I'll nip that out. And the other one's out top. Yeah. We can go well. It's just one time thing on this one. Yeah, okay. Go for it. I'm hitting those two guys and then the zombie. Or is it on the make up? Wait, are you hitting girl? We've got two. If you change the other, the other angle. Somebody's got it. Yeah, that's a wait. That's that would get you sure as well. What? I'm not hitting sure. Good. I'm hitting it's the black tiles. Yeah, that's a good. Yeah, hit the black tiles. It doesn't mean she's here. No, nice. That's not how to be from the face side. It's from your point. It's from your corners. It depends on which angle you're choosing. When you're shooting, when you're shooting at it at a 45, like what? So then you'll see the one there though. Yeah, that will hit the black one. Okay, can you move that now? Oh, yeah. But now you're in a different one. You hit girl, got you missed the one to the left. You don't hit the zombie. Can you? Can you? Can you click hold? Drag and pointed around. Till it's right. Mm-hmm. But yeah, it's there, but I also have the other one for some reason. I so you can delete that other one afterward. Okay, so that'll hit. I know which one you're talking about. It'll hit two of the little guys and girl. So then I just wrote a piece of your best weapon, created a wave of side vibration. The Toppils Creatures. Make a melee strike with two handed weapon. Each creature in a 15 foot cone from you, from you, must attempt a basic portitude save against your spell DC or take two sonic damage. On a critical failure, the creature is knocked prone. Mm-hmm. This is a pirate attack. That's good. On a, you do. Yeah, on a profile that's knocked prone, the target of your strike must be within the cone of the effect or effect. I do like this should come from you to the center of your square. It is.

I can see the same way. Whether it comes from the center. Oh, but the center one I feel it's sure in the zombie too. That's a good hammer. Temple of one of his drawn out was the same regardless whether it was on the center or at the point. Right. If you move using the temple that was drawn. Oh, okay. Got it. Okay. Then I'll go with the orange shaded ones. Yes. Okay, good. Okay. So what do these guys have to do? They have to say it's important to save again. It's my spell DC which is 15th. All right. Oh, I should not look on there. I should look on here. Do some kind of a question about the power shift. Does this sound like doing it? No, I don't. We have sonic vibrations and optical damage. Does it do anything to not say anything about objects? How big is anything? You know, it doesn't spring through the wood. It can dry. It can dry. It can dry. It's stacked. All right. So Jenkins got a knife. That's a failure. Okay. So we're going to failure. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'll take two. As soon as I get like, here on the screen, the chissar is moving. You can click on this and figure out if there's a control setting to turn off. Or refresh the screen or so. Yeah, that too. Okay. That you can stick to. Hang on. We move. We install. Okay. Okay. That's a good one. It's stuck to you. Yeah. Hang on. We move. We install. Mm. Mm. I'll stop campaigning when mouse is at your screen. Close that one. Different settings. We set it together. And I'll restart the browser. Let's jump back in. Perfection. Right. That is going to more is your awesome skills.

attributes. He doesn't have any. He does. Fortitude save. He is 42 of this 19 19. He passes. Okay. So he does not take the two damage and this last jinkin. Good screen. You're good. I'm not going to put a G4 screen anymore. I'm going to select red text testing. You know, I'll do it. You know, I do. Okay. 23 for the jinkins. He passes. Awesome. All right. Is the little guy prone? No. Oh, no. Critical failure. Okay. But that now puts me that one more action. I will go into that also charges my spell cycle the next round that I build does. Awesome. And then he sure. What is this aura do for people around you? It gives them plus one AC. It's not up yet. But it's plus one stats. And if you guys take damage, the enemy takes 24 back is like a. Oh, I will. Our game test. K. Which puts me into my stance. Check these two. Which is. It's not only sheer black. I think. You're in the champion aura. So another thing you could do as a reaction requires armor. You get the little red appear in their action. So you can go to arcade cascade right here. Yep. Action. Yep. First one. If you click it, what happens? It put it in the chat. Oh, yeah. And so you can click on fly effect. You see that there? Yeah. So nice. It like buffs you. Yeah. And one separate point for my stance. Okay. Cool. Cool. Sorry. Don't have that term. We'll go to the.

Yeah, that's in the picture every every route. I'll give one separate point top of the round Where does Jenkins be? The Jenkins that goes in front of me It's just this stuff and for me somehow Said the words stop any of the other ones in the Your own list I'm switching those two because I have them stuff The one lower They're all in there We only see two because we only two have taken actions. Oh What if side Appeared but appeared appeared appeared Oh, they meant to be all visible. Can you see them on now? Yes, thank you. Should be eight Jenkins one girl Okay This Jenkins is going with this buddy to eat He's off and he's running over there and And he is going to Toggle that and do a It was plugging in the mouse that caused the pan the panning I put it back on full screen and it's not doing it Oh, I see that's why I do the map Hmm, that's got to be a It on a's off. Well, these guys have They're very stabby All right, he's off that is gonna be Uh Yeah That I

Okay, one damage for Azov. He is going to do it again with his map. Does an 18 hit? Yeah, this is how we would have won this form. Yes, it is. I know. I'm struggling with the target, but it did take a map. But there's a 14. It's my 14. Ooh, nice. Hmm, there's just the symbol. Ooh, that is 4 damage. And that guy will finish his turn. Gurgle Gut is going to step off of the crown over here. And can I take a diagonal swing? Yes, but you have to be 180 degree of part and to flank somebody, right? Okay, so he's just going to swing at this zombie. Zombie Shambler. Gurgle is turning off, targeting for Azov. Turn on for Zombie. That's so funny, okay? You have to... Does a room remember which control does? No, it doesn't. It's at least not that I can tell. You can see it. Is he a remiss for the inner fire? No, he's not on fire. Just... There's a thing burning the side of him. But... Yeah. He's going to attack with this... Cuckrey? Cuckrey. Cuckrey. He's currently from the patrol. Yes. Oh man. I'm hacking. Why? We're playing guys. Oh, that's a hack. That... Oh my God. There's a critical hit. You rolled a 30 or Shambler. What? On the Shambler? Oh, Susan is fucking getting a rant.

just some of the skeletons and they explode on death. Oh my God, 18 damage. I'm gonna say I won't laugh, I'm gonna say Hp. No, I'm gonna fail to copy it, it has 1 HP. Alright, 20. Yeah, to 1 before. No, he's done. What? 20, you said 23, that's not 20. I know, but why do you take 23? I don't know, what do you do? I just applied the damage from the sea of a weakness. Alright, so here's... He's weak to nothing. Oh, yes, weak is positive one. He has, he's weak, he has slashing. We can make him slashing five. Yeah, well, yeah. Oh yeah, he took five additional slashing. Oh, I'm looking for a weakness. Oh, he's weak is... He's the negative one level, right? Yeah, positive one. Like if he even sees a blade and he's weak to slashing. Oh gosh, guys. That was sad. Yeah, he's gonna move near unarmored chiro and take a hack. What? Bram, please. We can move down. Wait. He's gonna move near unarmored chiro and be done with this turn. Okay. There's enough cheating. That guy's getting the fuck of this. Before he whacks at me. What is it? Is it a jinkie? After the action on the kiss. No, after he goes, came up to you. Oh, well then we're good. Yeah, after the race is not, they were it I would choose there. I know. As they're slicing this zombie like, you know, like neck to waist with this cookery. He laughs and says, uh, nobody crosses. Nobody crosses the bridge today. And then it's like she can start right over there. He seems to be crossing the bridge. Who said that? A bag in a shirt? You in the bag step forward. Sound like a boy. Here we go. He's whopped, rostling, and then. So this guy comes over and goes by shear.

gonna take a bite or a super stabby short sword. I'm also rolling well. Chris Shira. Oh, good game guys. Guys, what is happening? It's happening because these fuckers wouldn't let me dance. Dance on your hand? I walk right by like you wanted me to. You kinda did. So you fire at the enemy? That seemed like that was the wrong idea. I'm not a Chris here and you took two damage. You're not even in the sun, me? Yeah. Okay, so here's the zombie sun. They laughed at the zombie, it was entertainment. Those are the backup dancers. Nobody's crossing. You're trying to get into the real effect? No, why does it do that? To reset the target. It's the end. Okay, you took another one damage and so that guy's done. Morty Reboth. You just watched Susan get split into. So sad. Yeah, sorry about that. And Aizalf just kinda light jogged down the bridge and took two Jenkins. Can I see that one over there? Please. Yeah. Nine times. Two way ahead. You're gonna lose one position. Your aura? It's reed the bottom part. I have reed the bottom part. Is it? Usually everybody has a limb to action. That's right. That's right. You should replace it. I'm not gonna let you go. That's the only thing I need to do. Don't really do that. You should replace it. Even Donald doesn't like the dog. That's brown. Doesn't like brown things. You just send a gift. It's 30. Okay.

Okay That's my turn to attempt the Draw on the thing Also, yeah, overflux Yeah read the book I'm just I cast green tangerles in that line. Okay, what does that mean? I like it here in a second The line I tend to start this curl out my fingertips of race through the air ideal to do four damage and one G-damage to living creatures in a line Each living creature in the line must make a fortitude saving throw you pet you realize I'm in this line, right? I'm not That's how the line gets drawn. It's affects this square this square this square this square You're not in the line The answer that was Drawings are happening. You look like you're in line How we I'm sorry to make you repeat the effect is when you draw the line Huh, and you're using a line attack diagonally. Yeah, you have to follow whatever the rules were for like some diagonal shit So like this is five five oh 10 5 5 yeah, it's a little more me so all the shaded effects are perfect Yeah, but no pet perfectly danced it around I've tried to figure out if I could get this guy or this guy and I couldn't like it was like so that's a red So our world damage And then it's up to each of those people do their saving throws Oh my god, we did it. Did you just max damage? Yeah, so now each of these guys that are in the squares needed make DC 17 saving throws 42 42 yeah, okay first we'll do the little jink and next year It's the most cold spell case okay, he didn't make it so he takes a vitality damage Okay, avoid damage avoid damage. Oh

and so they failed takes full damage okay so let's wait until we do everybody and they get blood girl guy does 21 how do I tell the guys overflow damage you would have a tag says over for us on the action itself only get orflow total uh he does yes I can't see what it's okay Pat both Jenkins failed and Gurgle got presumably has the 21 yes saving so he so can you set targets on both Jenkins and give them damage through a pass fell I have the wrong one target right now target this one the targeting stuff is kind of janky target I rolled the damage I think he's up to you to select the right guy to take damage now I think if I click the damage button in my damage role it'll make me take the damage if he's seceded he's so six hop damage yeah we're gonna test no lead correct the other two get the little guys get blood on top of taking eight and then he takes four let me deal this to both Jenkins okay girl got take score okay and did you can skip lead lead one okay this is cool I remember that I can just like find a three points there if I'm not getting hit I'll stay is it a status bleed that should be I think if you went to the other side of the card I can you can you can click on it from the spell yeah

I don't know what to do. You guys have all the skill decks. So far, Steiner's only going to try to sneak past. Nice. Not maybe successfully. Let me try. I need base. I need Neapiro. I didn't need backup dancers. I needed y'all a sneak. He just walked through the gates. He at least understood the plan. You guys wanted a whole show. I just needed a small. I knew it was never going to happen. I knew it was as soon as we stepped on the bridge. Sure was going to get real. He also said maybe for that dance and a kiss. Did say maybe. I think that was all you. I think that was your brain. I don't remember that statement. That bleed is awesome. Yeah. That's almost the end of each of your turns. It looks like it'll just automatically handle this from you. Which is sweet. I think you're pulling for a sense for one round. I'm assuming since morning one of the other stream is done. Are you done Pat? Yes I am. Sure. You're up. You've started dancing and the whole scene has a roughed it around you. It's a ring. The center disc started walking across the bridge. Nets who have flaming torch that landed beside you. You have no armor on. Gurgle got just came and just dead. She dead. Essentially. It was probably healthy zombie in half. One zombie was dead. The next thing you got to work. Yeah. It was like one of the. Sasha from Fondanichites. It kind of killed again. Oh yeah. Like the finest kukri slices you've ever seen. Gurgle. And you're not feeling very good. Yeah. You're feeling. You're feeling a little cautious. Gurgle what happened here? Why why the attacks? You guys tried to cross my bridge. Turn back now. You said a dance would be okay. And then we cross with my friends. Hey your friends across in your dancing. I don't know where Gurgle got from. But I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know where Gurgle got from. But I don't know. Yeah. Blame your friends. But that you said. We're just sitting here. Your friends are throwing fire and crossing the bridge. What if I get them to start.

and I give you a smooch you let us cross. Maybe bring some more ale for everybody and I won't cut you in half. Yeah, the most one of us need that. Ale? I told us like three decades ago that we could bring out more food for some food to get past. Well, that's what met you suspected. Does that mean that we could get past or is that mean that you're just not going to kill us if we get you ale? I'm probably going to kill you no matter what. If you and your friends want to go get us some more ale, we'll sit here and wait for you. Okay. I'm killing you after I add a little more ale. So I don't think it is. Hey boys, the cute Kinnookie is going to go get us some ale. I do like it. That's not right. He's like having troubles with you. I will. It's yours, turn. Oh, I was like at the party. It goes more than me than sure. Oh, yeah, yeah. Okay. Well, I at least have my shields still with me, which is the main part of my build. So I'm going to raise my shields. You do not have enough focus points. Did you know it? You said it. Focus, pull. That sounds right. Like sure has been playing like games on our phone and taking our armor off. There it is. There is one focus. I don't know what to say. Did he not refocus? Did he just reach out your focus, pull? Right. If that's something you would have done, we would have done it overnight. It would have happened overnight. I just didn't. You have to do something. You have to hit the button. I just says refocus. Where's that? You guys have to go over there. Well, I hit the focus pull and then hit cast. Then you have to clear that thing. It did clear it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

So a roll damage 1d4, 15 damage. Oh thank you. Did a whole 4 damage right to the eyeball. We're going to hit 1d34. I thought that took into consideration a thing. Why is my aura not showing up though? It is. Now usually everything is the idea. After I cast it. Shoes of the spirit. So what'd you do? Shoes of the spirit for 4. Yes. Oh I see. Click this. I'm not a damage player. Click. Get from over there maybe. You've rolled the damage. It says 4. There's an effect that uses the shield of the top right. I'm on the page. It's not here. Oh each time an enemy makes tech against the ally. The enemy takes 24 spirit damage. Did you make sure your shield was raised before hitting the button? You want to like state that you got to enter in. It's familiar. Under action. Shock. Shield must be the bullet. You just get away from it. Raise shields and then you get a slissory. And then there is your 15. That's the thing you were looking for. This had it too. Cool. We go. So now if you guys are in the aura you get plus one he sees. Plus one he sees and each time he takes the ally. The ally being everybody I think? I think it's everybody. The enemy takes 24 even if they miss their attacks. That's actually pretty awesome. I'm a fucking raccoon tank. And then I will pass there. And say you're an armless raccoon. When you raise your shield he's like. Better have wine under there. I gotta be very familiar. Why can't I see the other room? One hand. I think there's a roll of some bit measured. And we see the left hand side. Shira. This Jenkins is coming over to attack. And then we see the other room. This is our flank.

And so I'm going to get the left hand side of that thing. Click target today. Boom. This guy is going to strike you. And the modifier was weird. Just put away. I think I get a plus one. So why don't you like it? What? We got a plus two. Sure, you can stand. Yeah. We got a five. We got a plus three. Hey, we've vibing over here. Look at this man. We got all the notes. We're going to have minute chance each time. Roll a D1 D4. Did 15 damage. That's a shot. Definitely this time. Are you done? No, yeah. There's four more turns before you. I'll let you know when it's almost over. That's the raw text. It's dying over here. No, you guys are dying over here. I'm going to run into bushes, plant myself and just sit there with this. I didn't look at a snack. I hit a bunch of things. Okay, what's your... Well, that just hits you. What? Talking to Shira. Shira, you are going to take three damage and then I take four damage for... Not for you. A one D4. A one D4. You see, if you would like to take four, that's fine. Yeah. Besides take three. You take three already. You gave it to you. I will give two in a minute. Oh. Felix, you... As a Jenkins, attack the Jenkins. Yeah, I... I got... A little lava. And then I roll the four, so I do take four damage. Wait, they take four damage no matter what, or if they attack us. One D4. If they attack anybody. E my or... E my or... Okay. That's the alley. I'll look for the alley. I'll try for this. I don't know. I'm not taking that. As you said, because I think it's him basically being like, you got to attack me if you don't.

right. That's great for our great tanks. And this next Jenkins come over. Sure you are literally surrounded now. Yeah, I think we learned the lesson and it doesn't do what we want. Nobody has ever seen. But we're getting straight to the way we're getting it. Let's go and do it lesson. What? Everybody naked. You're naked. You're naked. Before the biggest battle in the book you took off while your armor. I'm so struggling. Also, I can't stop woman like raw. You are destroyed us. I know. You're just screwed. I'm just gonna roll a 26. I'm also flanking a ton. Oh, who is that? So I used to know. For damage, all right. With multiple attack penalty. Sure your health bar is just kind of going down. And I'm going to have to go through 10. All right, that's a miss. And so that's there's too many of these guys guys is off your own. You've got two rabbit little Jenkins stabbing you short shorts. Using one action. Two. Two. Are you on the. Yeah, just like the great thing. No, that's okay. Okay. And then you want to move just one square free move. Yeah, and then I would like to use shove. But I would like to purchase normally one action. I'd like to make it a double. So I'm holding the spear. I like the bull rush these two off the edge of the bridge. Yeah, no problem. That seems especially pretty cool. And they're lined up. Yeah, so just. Oh, like that. Oh, like this spear.

forward to push them both. Yeah, what's shoved? How do I? These guys are real like movie. They're backwards versus four to two pieces. I'll make that the other thing. Okay, and we will do one athletics check and two saves. Yeah. On ease off. Come on. Yes? No, I'm freaking do something good. All right, let's see what their saves are. Between these 42 saves. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, sorry. Worse than worst jam. Or best if it's guys that have like plus 18s. What do they both make? What do you do? No, it's 36, but I can't roll anything under a 15. Which is like, will it not get you? I can't roll anything above a six. So I know. Okay, so you did that and they just grabbed the spear. So that was my first hard-to-turn. Shoves two actions. Because I was going to show because it was the two of them. Oh, I was counting in as one spear pushing the two of them. I do. So, tough has an attack play? Yeah. So that was negative. I'm trying to get them. You guys might not be able to win this battle with, um, you know, hit points. We got it. Yeah. We try to beat it with dancing. No, we do. If you let me do it again, I'll do it. Yeah, you can do it again. So now it's like a battle like, uh, you guys both have the spear. I mean, spear and blow out, you're correct. You'll take a map for it though. So it's going to show the map. It's a sports circle. It's going to happen.

Okay, let's go to be hard for these guys to move on to that one. Oh, that was better. She's been nice the first time. I probably grabbed. Yeah, you feel less cool and these two little blue Jenkins are like, uh, man, going town for pound with you this spirit. You're probably looking at that bridge. I'm going to rush and jump off. I'm going to go with a chance of those things. Guys, go back to swimming. I'm just going to plan himself. I'm just blending. All right, this, uh, yeah, top Jenkins. He just with one hand opposing you with the spear is just going to stab you. I'm going to play that like he makes a lunch, but you move out of the way in this moment. I'm going to play that like he makes a lunch. It makes a lunch, but you move out of the way in his momentum. Care is important. That uses up his, his actions stumbling forward on the miss. Neb, it is your turn. There's a plant in the back wearing a bag. We're starting to rustle. Unfortunately, I'm going to move one down to the spot. Couple. Three, two, one. Come on.

If you guys have healing questions, you can just type the target on the left or the target on the right side of this. What the hell is a healing question? Just click the little target. Yeah, you know what really is though. There, I just did. I'm a ball second. Are you concerned about your screen? There's five enemies around you. Are you concerned about my screen? Of course. Am I scared? No. At least your armor is not going to get bloody. That's right. Make sure that I believe this is the man who is also what we were swimming with was talking about just taking it off and doing it in the bottom of the water. Yes. Come back for it later or get more later somewhere. It's really how expensive that my that chain no one is. It was probably moose in your goal. It's just a dimmer. What? It's a kid doing what all we all did and we were kids. I was in water. Making the baggy's pissing. I'm a little bit the last thing to see. I got them targeted. Okay. I used targeted in this target. Oh, I see targeted by Kevin and back. Oh, I get it. The other things in my targeting. That's your target. That's your target. That was the two out. It was your head. It was like we moved. It's like some of us said, hey, the highest you possibly could. How about them lowest? Before you send that out, remove spice from it. That's a spiked these guys. What did you do? How many actions is that? I see. Okay. There is a Jenkins that is struggling.

good I will okay they take the bleed at the start of their turn right? so that happens I assume it oh at the end of their turn let's... this is a bleeding Jenkins so after he attacks you let's see if he bleeds whoa whoa whoa whoa yeah do you don't like that tendril? I'm within the aura yeah there's like still a little fire going back there are you rolling to see if it is spreads? I wasn't because I was assuming it was not like roll of it what would we should assume we can roll I can roll the fire might be the only thing that you're a bad person you guys okay you see that until they get the idea to show us and the fire oh right I don't think we can fire all right our packer comes a stab oh that's a hit just hey you have it do you have the ball sprinting again? yeah I think it's starting to bomb wait has you at AC 16? yeah that's not mind if I get it buffed by D-ball mind if I say I'm at 18 within an aura I should be... move out of the aura and move in c3ac changes it did not okay you are you missed yeah hell yeah let me delete this you can tell you it's break down there we should do click on modifiers and it does oh I can add a modifier what type of modifier is your AC buff go over there status circumstances got these green things in the way oh I think I got you on this one pad I hit by two bonus to AC check the thing wait did you check again? yep oh I have to take 2d4 on the right

Uh, could that say I'm going to tag up the last four? Multi-tax. I did that. Yeah, I did. Yep. Look up on the 18. I have a map penalty of minus. We don't see it. Yeah, we don't see it. We see one to 20 plus question mark question mark. Oh, okay. I see his multiplier is a lot. Yeah. So I'm trying to add this and is multiple. I tried to add in his circuit strength bonus and it doesn't do anything. And then we these guys must be like really good at stabbing. They have a high attack modifier and he got. I don't really fucking strong. Oh, I think it's because I didn't give it a name. There is called it. Adam. No, I also might say no. So I have to title targeting every time before I take damage. Okay, so you take damage and I need to take 2d4. Guy. Which is three damage. Okay, so he is about that now. Okay, and his turn is overpat. Oh, when this turns over, he should take another damage. Does that show in the chat? Nope. It does to me persistent damage. And it did look like he turned his status changed. Pat, I see that he, when I finished the turn, he took one magical void lead damage. He is definitely. Okay, this other Jenkins is up. He is going to step around this dead zombie under Nithyudoto. Oh, good. Might actually have 19. I didn't have that amount of fire that. So you had them take the lead damage and you had them take the orange damage because I'm inside. Yep. Yep. Yep, that's a wait. But mine's exactly a 19, so it wouldn't be a crit. Okay, it's a regular hit. So I see that plus one. Hey, what I'm here for. It's the buff.

Staffs for this one damage. Let's see fairly injured. Deadly injured. Okay, so you can put the map for some reason. Sheeran's token is for her next step. Go to mess, his turn is now done. 54. Another Jenkins must be the one by some time. That's been piercing. No. Oh, this one's coming up by Sheeran and resistance damage. On the last take of the last one, took it before. Yeah, I have to take a D for the last one. Just that one. You can see. Looks like a four to me. Everything looks like a four to me. I mean, yeah. One button, rotation thing with the right. If you all know what this thing is occurring. It's basically speaking to this. The whole two cast sequence background. Yeah. All right, go to you. That's a miss because I hit you exact scenes, right? So it's a miss now. You're supposed to make some actual damage. It's going to choose the best quote unquote in terms of what it thinks for your rotation. He's on all the circumstances occurring at the time. All of this could be ahead. It's a 19. Pressure that is my armor close. He was tested. He said, honestly, I was getting about 80%. But the GPS I was getting. It didn't go up. Pretty good, I guess. I don't know. I feel like I'm a little late. Isn't that a thing to present? That was because of the D 28. No, it looks into you. You just go down to 1.3. That's not. Which is a point nine in this second that we're going out for. It's a super in addition. So that's your decision. Right. So we've been just talking about this. We're bringing up stuff. Go to your ear up. It might even be playing. But I'm a spell strike ready. It's the thing. You were watching your party against.

I don't know. It's so weird. It's so weird. Must have missed it. There. There. There. There. There. Is that my fan? No. I guess what? This thing is... This guy always is on his phone fire. Regardless of what's happening. Better? Yeah. What was that? Washington, FEMA was in a dry mode. It's so quiet. So quiet. Is this thing been damaged at all? I wish to be able to see you on your little health parts. My icon is covering it up. Which one? It's about a third damage. No. That one's unparamed. Yeah. The one your path is going to die by itself. Who? The two over there are probably going to push these off off the bridge. You know it doesn't be nice for you then. I'm going to target that one. If I'm going to use spall shrike. 30 mythic rays. Yep. If you really want to play one button. Yeah. And just learn the fight. If you're going to use spall shrike, then you'll have to use the gauge and call. Yeah. I mean, I was thinking bots. I mean, bots. Casuals naturally. All sorts of stuff this whole appeal to. I mean, the implement is something that is happening. I need to take another one before I have a guy who will look in the lock. I like it for Delbs or like casual content. I'll care about. Yeah, sure. I'm sure. Yeah. I was determined to get allies in the aura. I'm going to do it. Provide it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. You should be good. You should be good. Yeah. Yeah.

Oh, that's a number of books in the room. Twenty five of the spell shite. Yeah. So the numbers are high. That's right. Starts with a two. It's been replaced. Okay. Oh, you're attacking that. That injured guy. I'm going to get the unindirable. Oh, yeah. I'm going to get the target by will I see it? So I'll just hit the cast. Do the damage for this? Man, a bunch of worthless. Isn't it like outside or something? Yeah, it's out of time back home. Yeah. So I do the damage for this. Yeah, you can even drink anyhow. I want to damage for this first. Yeah, so it's a physical strike, but now you get to clash. Catches. It also said, catches the spell. Yeah, I do. And then it's one of my basic attack and then I do the gouging call spell with it. And you do damage for them all? I do both. Yeah, both. That's good. So here's the damage for the first part. Are you doing? Yeah, okay. And then the gouging, let's go with slashing. So nine and so 15 damage. Yeah. And the two persistent bleed on them also. Okay, so there's a lot of people around me. Oh, I mean, we know. No one is good. No one is good. We got them are dead. Three were tried. Oh, yeah, sure. You're surrounded by stuff. Yeah, fuck. I have one more action left and I will ready my spell for the next round. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. See, she's almost dead. Do you think with the defensive action thing, I have to actually be able to stride or do you think I can just take it? No, if I just you could just take it, but there's no point is it you're doing three actions for the price of two. So you don't even have to use defensive strength. You don't have to use defensive strength. It wouldn't give you anything extra. That's what I really do.

You have It just mentions it here and so burrowing it's it's The mechanics are yeah, it's a type of movie I don't go over so So I'm theory if you could Think I was agriculture like What are you doing? I don't have a shovel but I'll just start 360 dancing like a chill We just like to dig with the Before we'll try it now Well, it's a little guys turn the drinking I try to do You can bully others a few What is choice implications you can you can coerce a creature after one round of conversion conversation instead of one minute It's a skill feed Quick coercion apparently quick feet that I have I didn't realize I had this feet. Oh that might have helped you skill You just are dancing now I had the plan I said I'll have his feet That's a good feet I'm 100% new the second I gave him a female character They would try to abuse people and when I saw coercion was like a thing I was like But I definitely I remember doing this now I did not remember doing it, you know Once ago your horror faded

It just last is on my shield raise. Top of the round? Top of the round. Top of the round, enemies. Let's go, morning. No enemies. Top of the round. Tia, enemies. This little guy is going to come and stab you as off. Who is in the upper skill? Oh, Jesus. I still have a shield. I'm just going to make it even harder for us. Shields of the spirit. That was the public role, right? No. The only way. Will, by way. It's still up because you're going to have a full turn. It's not about the enemy. It doesn't tell the staff. It's about him at all. It does, yeah. It's about the bottom. Probably the world's endows. Oh, that's stupid. Damn it. I didn't click on the second private role with the map. I mean, I did probably click it before. I didn't think about it. No, you can't make a judge. Again, this is a stick of me. That's like when I hit him. If there is more, then why does it work? Yeah, he's off takes one damage. And he moved that scene. This turn, that's where we'll be doing it. Why does it need to be? Okay, as Google got slashes that you with the cookery, he says you should have chosen to cook in the air. And he takes a big old slash. You should have chosen the kiss. Otherwise. I don't know why. I don't know why me is. I never knew it would be okay. No, no, no barber. What's your answer right now? 15. Okay, he eats it's you. It's the cookery. And the damage is hate. The second.

The shield is up don't forget The new options action to Reaction to raise shield or something like that. He had his shield right because there's no value So what does this take the shield absorbs? Shield takes some of the health damage how much of it though. Yeah, not often you're about sick to or something How do we know because I have a shield age field In the toward shield HP 20. I have a shield HP of 20 We haven't been using this all though first Like they are not around know yet They're in the current health. We've gone from 17 to 2 now 3 to and so you put it dead. I just lost your change No, I'm alive You I thought the button was different when we were the ones taking the damage from you. Did I see? Yeah And shield oh my shield prevents you from taking an amount of damage up to the shield's hardness you and the shield take Each take in your remaining damage possibly breaking it or showing the shield now. You can do it. I'm sorry Yeah So Hp is 20 plus it eats five and then the rest comes to me So all those other attacks last time to sort of not been all at me when I was at 17 and we took me down to 10 Okay, so we 17 down to five so I have to let's say the shield's taken eight Yeah, and you raise your 7 then raise myself 8 so I mean No, I'm including all the now. Oh all now too. Yeah. Oh, so probably raised back to 10 you still do it and the shield goes down 8 So shield HP is at 12. Yeah And it breaks at 20. What breaks it's half? Yeah, oh I see Oh Thank you

That's gonna come in with a map. Team A-choke. Oh, that's a hit. Team A-choke. Oh, that's a hit. 26? No, 4-2. Oh, a reasonable hit. Okay, you're gonna spend nine damage. So we need to give two to the shield. Okay. Right? One break after two break at the base. Oh, yeah. Oh, you know what? Actually, it's gonna take all five. Yeah, it takes the five. It's gonna drop down. It will break. It will break. So you did nine? Yeah, so you take four. So I'll take four and it will take four, obviously. And now the last. Yeah, so I can now just take off ratio, I guess. Can't tell. Yes. There goes your boat. Let's sink in. Let's pull the hole. There goes your boat. All right, critical miss for the robot guy. One time. So he's gonna fall prone. Oh, now's your time. I really hope that one guy dies to believe the one next to me. The one I, I know one next to me definitely one I hit for 16 damage and put two percent. Is it near death also? Yes, so probably probably probably minus two AC. Nice. Yeah, that's it gives you the off-guard condition. Let's see, this jink has got to go before he dies. Oh, Shira. Why are they all surrounding you? Because you're putting that. I know. Do we better? Okay, this guy's gonna come down. You probably rolled for a random interaction. Well, that does lead to be over here. Yeah, he's coming over. Well, he recognizes that his buddy is like a dog. He's automatically doing that for me sweet. The automatic put my temporary. Did you accidentally just make that new one bleeding? No, he's bleeding because of go-to. Okay. The one night.

No, or Kevin I gave two people bleeding the one Yeah, so it was the end of a topic We'll get one you give to that Well Pat what's your AC right now 17 but you're for really see Never mind 16 you're right because my for really see wait why Show broke no show broke show broken raised Six but but the or goes away the or is it wires in the head one issue? Yeah, and I'd also last time one time Yeah, it's not a little wonder It's still hasn't been your turn again. So no, I think it's just oh it would have still been no But it also is or until Ray's shield is not how correct that's the reason it gets away Thinking he's gone for the end of 40 All right Pretty great. Yeah, it is great I'm gonna map map edge just isn't Miss I'm gonna map it 10 Super critical fail 27 or yeah, he rolled a See what it does with a minus a high number Wait, that was a minus 8 right yeah, that ice 10 right So 23 wait no, he rolled a minus here a minus a map penalty. Yeah, yeah 17 yeah, so he has like a 25 they're really stabby guys here Why did we fight these I don't even more eat your turn So the guy just came up and like stab you right in under the feathers. He is injured Just make it to my turn Now I don't want to do the thing I was Has anyone had been in this? I know We hit this one I was thinking about hit that one together That danger So I wanted from me this one is near the one

No one has to persist and be done. Rob, the one I've thrown at me is ran up to me and then I have targeted. Yeah. I'm going to attempt to soul-sife in him so he will need a fortitude saving through. This is my watchy-collet thing. Focus. Focus spell. And so I should not have taken any penalties for attacking an ally on that last turn, right? No. Yeah. Fortitude save 18. You could go straight to. I don't, did I load the wrong module? Yes. You success, they take half damage. He takes two. Okay. And then, Terros Saint-Ugain, temporary hit points equals the amount of the HP the target loses, including the drained value, but he didn't get drained because he succeeded. So I get two 10 HP. Hm. Did you get the damage? You want your hand. Huh? What the half button? If I click the half button, I'll take the damage. I'm sorry, but are you doing that? I'll click it, but see. No. Takes no damage. Let's tell you. If you click, basically if you click the public buttons, you are the one taking the nummage. Oh, yeah. Because you roll it in the gym. He needs to hit the button, so let's take half. Well, he has the Jenkins select. Yeah. Very took half. Okay. And then I've added two 10 HP to myself. Yeah. It gives you another status bar. You have like two HP bars now. That's not good. Yeah. That was one action point. So you know that you make him make another one. Yeah, if that Jenkins did take a bleed damage after his turn. Where is that? Very well. Where do I do this? Where do I go ahead? Can't read it. I do a DC. It says there the save DC 17 you can click. Oh, that's so useful. It was one of the nine. Oh. Yeah.

This is not it was rolling physical dice behind the screen. I could flood the numbers No You want your pity? No, you're not getting you to do key dies of honor. I Did you Okay I shall have my arm. I can't trip nothing Also me should go for on that plate. I'm really can't trip save It's not play. Oh, sorry. Okay. That is two actions. I am done Okay, that's three actions two things That she's dead she's up It's your turn. I turn into a dog and play dead It's just good. It's a nice new armor Okay, I mean I can try to shape shift and play more tricks, but I'm not going to Just gonna just stab each step Start saying that's about all I got here. I mean It was start stab about that whole dig a whole idea So there is a thing where I could go on with that I can change shape and I can turn into a raccoon dog and impersonate food deception and maybe try to Convince people, but we've seen how my dancing has not convinced anybody Anything we're torched ready. So we're just gonna we're just gonna I can do three actions right strikes one little squares I can do three strike so I don't work Yeah, but they just get progressively. Yeah, I get the worst even on the way So strike nothing to this You're staying at the liver. All right this dude here that hasn't been hit you click on click on this little target thing now click on him Cool now number of your strikes that ain't it People's the people's click character I put there's another mini Roll that boom Boxes just Like GM channel on discord for people who killed all their players you hit them nice damage Kick it. Oh Pretty good. It does takes not jerkyolking It

I know the targeting is all stupid. It's this one over here. The bottom one. The bottom left one. Yeah. Then you can hit the second one. It's only a plus two to hit because you get a minus four or whatever. Minus five. Just say minus five. No, it's minus four from now. But these say five is five and he's carrying your sheep. That's one of the stuff. Yeah, twice. It's characteristic. Yeah, oh, you don't use the little shortcuts on the top on the top bar. I mean, they're the same. Yeah, but mind say, mind have differences of four. I mean, they have something special. Possibly the care. And it's there for nest weapons probably. Yeah, okay. Did that hit? Oh, it says damage. I guess it did. Wow. No, no. Oh, result role miss. It's minus five. Minus five. That's one. Last one. No. Damages. All right, I hit one, guys. I don't have a heal pot. I don't think. I don't think no. You know, we have two like one off heels in the party. Oh, they're coming. He has like, I have one. No, you're not. Transition is a function. No, it's a agile agile agile. That's right. So there was this type of thing you take with this one. Get your rest. The second attack on your turn is minus four set of minus five. And minus three set of minus 10. Really good. You saw a resurrection to you right now. Who's the third? I'm going to start with this. You can start. Stay there. Start. I'm going to waste people. I've been. I've been to many. I've hit one. All right. I'm done. Like I'll be like me. The day they want it. They wanted to die. I was yeah, social say and I'll be like, no, Adam's character took off his armor before the fight. So what you do next, you missed. You missed. I attacked you. I hit one and then miss twice. OK. Yeah. I just went, I'm going to read. Med-��. A Robin Rougeing here rage in r μ you and, yeah, so let's watch together.

This You can Spend the Barrel I can There's one line that's in this and it's Why would you not go to the multi class? Nope, they're not getting to the second level. He said later If I survive Eventually I'll figure out how to bring your body back and collecting all the bones Show you the sack Are you about I'm Put you in the sack Only 50 pounds Only fitting Bone weight, save everything's bone Pretty sure it's a new key of sack It's alright? Yes, I am That's so dark Why did my little key It's not a ball I'm currently Seven ball Multi values items When you're dead, you're an item, right? The item that weighs 5 to 10 pounds is one bulk So you 100% fit the sack that can hold eight bulk Nice I'm finding this out already I'm going to wear it like two or five lives You have become an item Miss Miss That Jenkins is done You next So some bleeds Some parts of that Two of them Working on that Alright Miss No, it's not so good The condition is related to dying It's not in share life How about directly related? They're involved, doesn't they want to play solitary piano? My grandma won't eat it, oh my god I've probably actually been badly To do it? Yeah

You really had it. Two of it. No, we did a bunch of the shield stuff right. So you got some of your health back. You were too healthy. Oh yeah, I'm out of pieces. Maybe you still do health. But you're not going to work. You're not going to work. You're not going to work. You might not be. Wait, what? Yeah, just now. It was a little critical. Oh, one damage. That's pretty good. Sure it is. Okay, next is off. There we go. You got this. You hear, you hear Tinniki screams to the south. Oh, that's me. Yeah. All right. Two holes, my first hole. All right, here's what I'm going to do. I'm doing it again. Yeah. Of course that. Five. That would be too cool. I'm going to take another movement action. Strike to remove. Another strike. It's a madly go through this. I was presumed with the cult train. Yeah. Off the top. Come down. And flying in the field. I'm scared. The pork cuts. It's possible. Does is that like flavor or is there some mechanical about? We can do both. But I didn't know. I didn't maybe talk you into. I'm very open to negotiation. Okay. Long jump is. Two actions. So I already showed once the other position. I could long jump. Which means I strived 10 feet over the pile of the jump. Which is what the action would be. But that's two actions and it would be an attack. How do you make this like better than just in the spirit head? What is there something like a jump in the spirit head? He is prone. If I'm flying with the spirit and what he's prone. Go through his plane flying. Oh, yeah, you can definitely have a circumstance from this too. Oh, did you have to. Did you have to already take it? Did you have to take a full strike to get to that point that you were at? To get to edge of the pile. Do you have one of those super moves that combines. I would be borrowing the shoulder.

You successfully leave the... Do we have any of those? The result. People that are going to comment. Yeah, there's over. Yeah, there's a couple of these. Oh, thank you. Okay, wait, wait. I think it only took you to active. I'm actually reading all day. Reading, writing, writing, writing. It makes me want to actually get this. Reading along the... You take the first part of long jump is you take a stride. Problem is stride, then attempt. You stride, then you attempt the jump part. And if you succeed the jump part, you can go up to your speed again during the jump piece. For a long jump. It kind of does a double move. If you succeed. Yeah, but you already moved 10 feet during your stride. So you... During the stride, you... I thought I could jump over the pile. Correct. And the long jump is long enough to get me there. I believe so because you can't... You can't jump further than your land speed. You leap a distance equal to the... Recheck result, round it down to the nearest. Okay, so we're doing this to avoid the difficult terrain. Correct. So it's like two strides. And then you still have your action. You have one action left. Because it works kind of like it's two actions. It's a stride and a jump. The long jump is two strides. Which can be applied in the time. Which we're going to say... But it's better than the man striding and then attempting a jump action. Because a jump action is worse than a long jump. So I need to figure out where I'm going. So you... You have a spear. You have a little spear attack. It can be on your character sheet. It should be a blue button. Or from the HUD if you just go under strikes. I like a few minutes to read. Yeah, those are your maps. Like first attack, second attack, third attack. Just have more distance. Hey, lumber. So you have a tree. You have a tree at home. What is it quick? It's close to your stance. And then you have to roll and that only. It's minus 2 AC. So just a bit shorter. There was a score on the solid hit. And that's where you take an end to account. Out of the set, 3751. Yeah, I got a loss of 151. Yeah boy. Crit fail. All for market. You see him? You see him hiding me? Do you guys really want to play the game? She'll say, I'll be like that. They tied my hands, man.

They tied my hands. I think I fall from the next floor. Absolutely you do. You accidentally while you're jumping, you step on the torch and... You motherfuckers. Damn it. We had a savage talking about you. Yeah, the attention was drawn to the hot foot and... He's like, oh, it's time to play with it. Wait, they just play with themselves after that. When you land you and Gurgle got early. You can't really get each other. This is like the same cool thing I tried to do and I know that it'll work. Yeah. When you arrive on the ground by a minute, I'm like, I get it. I've been trying to cool shit the whole time and it keeps in the fridge. Mine is legitimately cool. Essential dance? I just avoid tentacles of people and it worked. I don't know what you guys did. Yeah, in the back of the year. I'm done. I think I'm gonna step in the upper torso. And it's the end of your turn. Let me try to get out of here this. Just next turn. Yeah, these guys are way out here now. Well, one, two... Maybe they forgot three. Four, five, six... Maybe they'll attempt a long jump also. You can start from the bottom of the shirt. You burned alive. I'm gonna hot foot from the torch. No, he can navigate this. And he's gonna come stab the guy on the ground. Cool. Did you give yourself brumple? I sure did. Yeah, I never really grew up in the gut anyway. The stabby HUD go away. Well, this is terrible stabbing guy on the ground. It's just a little bit. I just tried to do it. Oh my fucking god. He did it. He cred him. Oh my god. How the fuck are we doing? I just wanna counter. We need a talent marker. How many criticals do these tiny little jerks? He has a 1d6 minus 2 damage. You know? I don't know. Okay. The crit is one damage. I don't know what they're gonna do. That's nice of you. That's a third of a lot. Yeah. I mean, so... The damage doesn't have to be a lot if you just hit every single time. That's true. Very good. They're... They don't go, go, go, go batting clean up. First things first. You guys are fighting in here. It's really bloody. There's a...

plan the bag watching. I imagine you look kind of like a jaw up in your little road. I'm confused why it's only one of the entrants around. I roll. I roll. He's proud of this round. If I wasn't doing this, we'd have to jump. Like a two. 1d6 minus two. There's a cool ass jump. So you roll a two minus two. But then because it's a critic, it's just like it's to be one. What we do is, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to over here. It's a 10. It's 10 times two. In chat, hit the 1d8 button there. Why? Because you're getting healed. You got an ocean bomb. The water washes all over your to-nookie body. Where's it at? Over here? Jinn? No. In the chat. You should see that. That's cool. Oh, great. And now take it. And click a placky on the chat over there. And you just touch it. 1. We ain't dying. We bad as in the one action. You got two other actions. Three more heals, please. You can only get affected by that one turn. Yeah, that's it. 10 minutes. We all get affected by it. Correct. Get the 1d8. Oh my gosh. At least I chose the right healing type today, right? You woke up feeling like when I clicked on the effect, I didn't get the thing that I don't get the 1d8. I thought it just gives you the details. I know. I thought it just gives you the details. Like you actually can't accept it. Oh my goodness. Who made this happy? Water. Chuckleheads. Chuckle. That's good. Now every day. It was two. Okay, there's, you know, a few that are going to die soon.

Thank you, Tendrils. Thank you for your washing. You did a double. Yeah. Correct. Oh, come on, Kevin. Don't mind the guy in the sack. Just throwing heels out over here. He's like, he's a little wolf. Can we just tie the sack to one of us, too? Come on, Kevin. You're just like a turkey terrier. The background with water. Skirt kid with a squirt gun in a backpack. So those drop. I need the stanch. Or still pro. Jesus. What happens, man? So he does. You look, he didn't hold a die poorly. He gets good. Yeah, he gets a reroll. Somebody going up there and a little more in. I got to turn you to the left. I feel like the first one of those, you went the bullet meets the ceiling. He's like, I'm going to get up by teammates' words. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Definitely. Sorry. Sorry. This is Jamie. So what are we going to do? OK. I can't. Shocking muscle. I can't do it. I'm going to turn. Two of my actions is from the one attack. All right. That this chicken set is like completely bleeding. How about you? How about you? It's going to attempt to stab you. That's what we expect. With a sword. Where? Why did this old there? He's a silly attempt. Yeah. Thank you. City. You just rolled the damage right away around the inside. Yeah. What is this? Roll the damage right away. Oh, God. Oh, that's much easier if I click in that light. Yes. Look at that 10-HP coming in clutch. A little bit of 10-HP. Yeah. Let's get one around. Which night? If we were to do a 1 damage. I'll take it. I'll take it. It's not nothing. It works out. Oh, I can do this. I can do this. I can do this. I can do this. I can do this. I can do this. I can do this. I can do this. I can do this. I can do this. I can do this. Yeah. Yeah. He's just going three strikes that you step, step, step. He's also going to die. I think that's the best. I hope so.

I really hope he does. He's been bleeding for two turns and three turns. Oh Jesus. I've not honestly seen it. Who's that one? The last one. You, these openers. Oh right, the one time they're trying to come on there. This is their, they're big at positive points. On his way out the door. He's just like, fuck you. Yeah, okay. And now, we're seeing this dude. Rachel, one, victory. Yeah, believe. What's that? So we just got to apply bleed and turtle from now on. It does the new strategy. She looks so happy. Apply bleed and turtle. But he's not dead. No. What? No. Well, why didn't he get resurrected? Hand. But she did she never say hand-setting you. Right. Because you are. Oh, he picked her on bio, okay. No, but still he's supposed to be at. She bleed at the end of his turn. Did you hit in turn yet? Maybe that's why. Oh, there goes. Yeah. Oh, it was only one. Is that it? That's the number of stacks through. And there's a lot of collections. We'll find out who's who. Okay, so now, okay. And that guy's turn. X is the amount of damage it takes. Yeah, so it takes. Okay. She should be at one, which he now is. So he's not dead. He's at one. God. Done here. Who's this next chicken? Okay, this is the one below you. Go to him. He's not dead. Is there anything in that pile? This is a shit. I think it would door. We'll find him. Right? Pick it up. Yeah. Go down to. Are you using it? We did die. Yeah. 40. Yes. And that's the average is 20. Okay. There goes. That's the next. You're all the shit. You're all 15 guys.

Can you go to their custom room? I have Remake lyrics. You use Chet TVT to go make the lyrics. And then you just copy and paste it. Yeah. You can do whatever you want. Like, like, one slice for the one for all. Oh, I want to do it. All right, goto. Right, sir? No, no. Too many tickets. This shit, so I'm trying to get rid of them. That's... Yeah, this one that you messed up last time is going to be going to attack you. Oh, maybe Kevin did. No, that was... I don't know if you did that one. You went to the... I still have the right one, though. I mean, it was bleeding. Yeah, that's near death. Yeah. Also, we have a lot that are bleeding in your death, but not quite dead. The commons, when they're near death, their stabs are still the same stabs. Like that one. The fact of you was hitting the negative eight, and you're still like, fuck it. It's 20 days. 20 days, baby. Look, I don't mind the first one as much. Like, the third one. The third one, very much. Right, like, their multiple attack penalty. Yeah, it's correct this. We did that pretty much. Yeah, so we did fuck to the shit. We did it. So he's going to be proud. He's easy, he's so... Is he bleeding? No, not. I'll do it. He's going to be... Go, though. It's your friend. You've got a guy you wanted you to who's laying on the ground. I'm so pleased, near death. He's near death. He doesn't look quite as bloody as the guy who's standing next to you. How's the one in south of me? I can't see the target. He looks pretty good. Sturdy and angry. He's got a shot. I think I'm pretty sure he's a judge. Big guy, but I can't get past. Now it's just to be hard. I get rid of the little bastards at this point. Yeah, the thing that I've reduced the action economy. I think I don't stash right now. Yeah, he has like 24 stamps around him. Should I turn it? Let's open one of these ones up.

We don't have to be in the lead. It's one damage every turn. You can lead. You can stack lead damage. So yeah, one of them that both will and I apply lead to. It's two a turn. The one that has two bleeds is the one by Shira. And go. Don't attack the one north of me. That's for sure. It's dead. On the end of its turn. That was huge damage. Three times. All right, we're going for my spell strike. It's on the one that's south of me. Okay, cool. Rekid. Do it. It's a heal. Roll like a 14. I think it's 12. The lead. I like crushed it. Good enough. So yeah, we did damage. That was a very good deal. And it's also the bleeding that's acting doing. Okay. Here's the first. The main part of the work. That's a damage. Yeah, it's a D12. That worked. And the main thing is that we're the spell that goes up with it. Here's some part of the squeal. And this will give your hammer. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Five plus two versus completing on the guy south of me. Yeah, I'm not even going to add it up because you're so far in excess of this stuff. The hammer just goes right to the ground and then the spell stuff of years to like. We have a they have one kill. We have one. Attack the ground. Then I'm not going to charge my spell. I'm going to take a basic attack on the one that's prone. Yeah. I will have a minus three. You're a map minus 10, but it ends up being a minus three. But I get a plus two because it's prone right? No, he has my student AC and it's been taken care of by the conditions. There's got a target. Every love. I tried to change the structure of the spell. I tried to take up the little shit. Yeah, we're going to put you prone.

That's what we do. Yeah. Yeah. So far, no one's got enough from Prong. And it's one of those right-killed conditions you can add. Can I end your turn? Oh, yeah, sorry, I'm putting the Prong on. Yeah, no worries. There is a Jenkins somewhere. Where does Prong? It needs to go. He's way out here. One. Yeah. Three. Six. He's on top of the thing. And he surveys this battlefield. He has a wonderful, little dung shirt. Everyone is fucking proud of him. He's like an entire white people. He goes around right now. Yeah. He comes and he says, no, we're doing a bad thing. Yeah. There's two dead bodies. There's a little girl getting a little bit of a nose off her looking at each other. So he's going to come stab me as often as the ribs. There's two dead people. There's two dead people. Everyone else is just like, down. Just pray dead. Ooh, he hit. Of course he was. He goes. Yeah. But sure, those are the racial shield. I'm not racial, but he's shield. I have shield too. I don't mean you. I haven't used to the anti-American. I'm sure he used to. Was that what's the shield? The shield gives me a plus one to my AC. Is it a canter and a distraction? You raise your magical shield. This counts as a racial shield. I can't. You raise your magical shield. This counts as a racial shield. You get a plus one AC until it starts your next turn, but it doesn't require a hand to use. He has five hands. Yeah, it has five arms. Yeah, I should have done that. Because it also does take a hand. The fact that. Oh, right. He's supposed to click something. He might be dead technically. You only can reduce the damage when you use the shield block. Which requires your reaction. He definitely has that. He does. The shield spell also lets us do it. But yeah.

I can't do it with a normal shield, but I can do it with the shields. And I can do it against the normal capric shield. I can't do it against a normal capric shield. I can't do it against a normal capric shield. One damage. Four. And it's almost dead. I'll be dead. A missed. You know, straight. No. That wasn't really something one of us thought it was your own missed arm. The last attack is, uh, moot. Thank you. Um, purple got. And, uh, he looks at A's often. But this is what you expect when you hear the camera. Uh, now he's now he's my kittens beetle juice, I guess. Uh, so he is going to stand up. Oh, that's not allowed. Yeah. Uh, I assume that's a moot. Isn't that true? Uh, I assume it's only one. Only room actions you can take will follow the call and stand. Nice. I will stand. Basically, you stand up from. Next, I can right click the prone thing. Right. Go away. Uh, so that was an action. He's going to stand up. And he notices A's office on the ground next to him. And that seems like a great guy to stab. Uh, and why wouldn't you? What's your life? It's just a little maggot. Maybe this is. What is that? Okay. So it's a sort of. Yeah. He has sort of he hits felt. I sort of felt I do spell and sword. It takes three actions to do. And I had to spend the time to charge. Yeah. I should have killed these little dudes faster. I'm not sure.

The problem is someone's surrounded by a different type of enemy. I started the fight yesterday. I share this coo crease coming at you. That is a hit. And some damage is coming your way. It's a hit. Just got healed. Yes. That's his turn. He laps as he swings the coo crease through two of you, dropping his off to the ground. He's got a hit. Yeah. He's prone. He's always opting go to sleep. It's like some of the healer. Pat, you've got with Jenkins right beside you that is super stabbing on your left. And he stabs you. Yes. No, never mind. Hang on. Ignore that role. Just ignore that role. I'm sure you will. Just ignore that. I have some effect on that. Straight number two. He's a little fucking plant unharmed out in the body. He healed us. He's doing what to this police. Do that so you can't win the two with that fucking nas4. Never mind. Please stop. I know. I don't know why you're looking at me. We have one damage. And then the last attack. You think their arms will get tired. Well, the stabbing. He's on the ground.

And it is your turn, Marie. This guy just stabbed me twice and then ran out of breath and now he's on the ground. I'm running back the... I'm bringing a different friend now. Yeah, okay. I would like you to pull out a skeletal guardian. Skeleton guardian. Skeleton guardian. Awesome, I got him. Perfect. And I would like to summon him somewhere over here. Here is the guy that just got son. What happens when you summon him, Pat, does he come out of the ground? Yeah, same stuff. They come out of my little portal to do more. I'll think over here. Okay, let's just go wherever I can. I can't tell where the square starts. I think it's there. Yeah, this guy has... Yeah, this guy... It says the opposite guy. He is way better to have summoned. He has armor. Not just that he has damage or distance of slashing and piercing by five. Instead of like this... I looked at HP value before because this guy is really low HP. But his damage... Probably more or more. Now we're doing like more or two damage. Oh, if he... Like if the jikens surround him and he could just stand there. Where do you want him over here? Okay. Yeah, I yell at him to stab the guy there. This one right there. The one north of them. Yeah, I got it. Okay. And he looks at you, this Skeleton guard. And he also looks at the battlefield. Everybody is laying down still. And he... Go get a bob! Structed his shoulders. And just... He has like... What is he packing? He's packing the cimitar. Yeah, yeah. Oh, he also has a bow. Yeah, but he's in melee range, right? Oh, yeah, he's in the third hand. This is sweet. Okay. He is gonna... Skeleton guard cimitar. This is way better. Oh, I'm scared. It's easier to have robberold staff. It's easier to have robberold to hit things. It's the mirror that he has.

Yeah, it's a 20s. You're like no you control Oh six there He's doing work already he is doing work better than us I thought I was like the shabler has like a cooler Like he has way more name. Yeah, we have way more than he has way more to get way more HP You remember the crew came were like why is he almost dead? He's dead like it's silly. I'm like oh my god I know this is only your second turn you can take this my third For sweet he got him on the second hit pat oh Still to guard turn the battle around please you got this Bob Bob probably was Susan's brother and how he's pissed off Okay Three damage. Okay. Yes All right, it's injured. Uh Bob control the anger of all four of those things next to you, please Bob Where's Bob in the Mortar Bob not in the order, but he's gonna be put in right after He's gonna be put in right after morning Tonight, and then Think you can Here we have, but I remember doing it when they were Testing last time a little more on time Yeah, I can just do it Lessing with corner. Uh-huh. And not too unconscious We're supposed to move to return before the turn you got knocked out. Right. So if you move the both group Yep Maybe if we get you up somehow Don't you think it's your turn The bag Is this tail a little bad creature running forward and just like Spray water on people

everywhere like no what the hell is that thing you've got this he's got water balloons just you kidding you kidding you're good thank you son of a party injured you got what you've got left lonely a couple of things, a lot a present I thought this game was supposed to be dead on my turn. He didn't die. So I hit it. I mean this guy's prone. He'll be way easier to hit. Gargol still here? Gargol stood up too unfortunately. Alright, Proud. Let's take this head. Do not pet people on their head or shoulders. God, please. That's why we've been rolling so hard. I'm getting pretty sad. I'm getting a chance this whole time. You guys enter the water around ghosts. I give all of Rob's rolls. That's what's going on. For him? No. Incredible. I'm gonna need to hit. It's when you beat the armor class by 10. It's not the same as going there. Oh shit. Did I win? 20 damage. You did good. Who was it all? The one that's near death? Which one? The pro and the jankin. Did I win guys? There's too many. Okay, I hate another one down. I hate cool. Was that your first? That was the first hit. He's dead. Maybe Gargol. I just assumed he was gonna bleed out. Just take the gun. Next one. Prickle miss.

your friend. I'm on the ground. You're a purple lips. That's how man's hair is so cut. We're standing on top of the hunger. I'll eventually get a table for this. It's already so mad. Okay. We're about to see if the song can work out. We'll go for it. All right. Next turn is a Jenkins. A Jenkins right by all this. Prog. Gosh. Not the Jenkins who's turned it is. Oh, never mind. He's like the one I am. Target is prone. This Jenkins is full HP. Yes. And he's just going to get a scalpel friend just stab somebody next to him. He's always attacked the skeleton. He came out of nowhere. Right? Yes. We just attacked the skeleton. Mark. They well, the skeleton right now looks like the only threat on the field. So they got to they got to take them out. Yeah. Yeah. You got to job off. Let's see what Bob's got. All right. They hit Bob. Now they're going to give you some. They worked the way. It works automatically does. Does it work? Do we have no idea? Don't look at that. Why do you keep wrong? Because it puts sneak attack on every time right now by accident. They're supposed to have it this whole time. Okay. One damage. But that gets Bob's resistance work. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, actually sneak attack applies to prone. So it says anyone with the off guard condition. Oh, that's terrible for you guys. That's why you've been not going to solve. No, I'm not taking away the job. It's no damage. Yeah. Because he gets negative five damage reduction. Yeah. We're not saying for that. Got to scout the guard. We need more people with that type of resistance. Like the story's going to be about missing guard. The rest of the guy doesn't miss. That's impossible. Okay. Yeah. He's on the ground. Don't look too miss. It's in a row.

So it's up to Gar. You're having a more chicken. Freak chicken. Damn, dude, this is gonna be rough. I'm still not gonna... I'm not gonna tack you up. What? Yeah. This one on the other side. Everybody's on the ground. There's so many of that little icon. Oh, that's... That's a crit. It's hot. Oh, man. Well, there's no coming back from that. Well, there is, you know... We still have to fight a boss monster. Oh, no, why stop rolling those? I clicked cancel. Oh, cancel. Don't look at that. We can see the boss monster. We can see Ridler back. We can see two more questions. We see two dice and said just one dice. But you see the number at the end here. And on the other hand, on the second deck, we don't for some reason each time. Yeah. Good. Good. You can go on. On a crit. Good. Nice. And a double map for the finale. Miss. Crit miss. He's prone on the ground. He's down on the ground. Stupid. Everyone's looking around. Do they have to fight? The only two that I'm standing. Basically, are the skeleton girl got in the plant? Oh, more than he's never fallen down. More. Okay. Never fallen down. I'm still staying. Why are there so many Jenkins? We killed. You said there was poor. We'd be first started as I want to say. I thought we had this. And it was. And that changed the action economy a lot. No, no. No, it could matter. There was a lot of ways that this battle could have. You didn't have my chain mail on. That's a problem. That's a problem. No, it says go to. Is it meant to be green? No. Skeleton. I'm going to just move down. Okay.

Yeah, but he's just had go no target at all Regardless of the critical hits yeah, who's that's an impressive refill shit Don't worry guys it's a skeleton he takes him damn right does You really have to run away Those kels is Completely different the shambler was the first fella cast for the man. He creep the skeleton again. Yeah, and oh shit and what He's got a role. You got a role like a floor I think right or six. Yeah, okay What up? Is it just dr5 is dr5? You have to deal more than five damage You can critical and you can roll like a like a four higher. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, he's never that otherwise Well, like a four you have to roll five you have to hold five or six girl that's gonna kill him But he's not girl It's here to soak up Jenkins Yeah, so the James just like He's just stabbing the plate armor on this Time to realize So they're just like Girl with guts gonna go sooner or later. It's not It's a big battle a lot of Yeah, nine enemies ocean bomb will I would do it all the persons of gosh first He's gonna next okay, I'll take it No, we added those two have you have it. Yeah, you're gonna get the next right just in the one to eight right? Yeah Come on Is that you got to figure out how healing works while you're in matches I assume that one boom I feel five I think you look I'm saying death rolls over here again All right, oh no, hey, we should have a HP bar And what way you're not standing else can say you're standing by a little bit

I'm just going to get low E-man status back you have. That's my aura. The range on that. That's my spell cascade. Yeah, I got one. That's what gives me one temper at age B every time. If you zoom in, like even the little glowy man icon becomes like high-res. Oh, that's what I want. You're going to have to move and get what you're positioned. Oh, to get the heal on you? Can you hold the cap some three times? Oh, three times per day. No, it's touch. What is it? It's touch. All right, this is like when I miss sneak attack. Wait, you mean because they were supposed to be sneak attack us the whole time? No, for prom. Any attack on prom is sneak attack. I'm not going to kill him. I can get you. You're probably going to be the star if I undo the healing. There's no way you can get that. We've got your returns. So we kill a little the other one. Can't see the kids. I'll take my five back. So I moved. I moved. I touched. I did the cross out, right? The cross out is like I undid it and then undo buttons. Yeah. Okay. All right. So then I had one of your questions. Just you move. One more action. Move in a heal. It's just like you. Just smack that. He's got like two life smack that. He just walks up and puts a little drop of water in my mouth. I'm laying on the ground. Just keep going. The hot thanks. Which one? Near death to the right. I imagine like this to the rain. Instead of a drop of water, his hand just becomes like a faucet and just like. That's later on. Right now it's just a drop. Once it gets a little bit more healing power, then it becomes a faucet. Hi. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Let me do it. Water board. That seems good. That seems like no damage. I need to tie it. I missed taking advantage from my healing person. That was my...

I've contributed about Because when I was told there was four people Four plus the big guy There are evil dudes that have been murdering our town's Getting more proofing up right now We've been getting to train in combat and sure. I don't know if I would say I am Yes I've had this guest He's a guardsman That you know when Goku takes off his weighted armor. That's all I was doing It was getting away. Go who just wear armor. He just wear wedding clothes It's not armor. It is just clothing It's a detection of something but it was a little bit. There we go. From the sun. It's a cloth armor. It's a cloth armor. That's the highest one I've seen so far. I guess to be stabbed. You took one nearer. That's to be stabbed that time. And on the last this guy dies at the end of this time. I think so the one north of me. Yeah, and he's one stabbing you You're a worse mess. I just stare about as he believes that the only end of his turn Damn right so Okay, there's less dudes. That's good I have to skip the dead guys go to your turn I'm not sure Actually, there's a bunch of dead guys. We actually just skip people in the round We've got a lot of Jenkins off the car. Well, I will move Still believing us. Yeah, you see I do like point out that I'm absolutely zero spells. Let's go the rest of the day. I'm looking girl. I guess we did a lot of walking. I move to point girls. Yeah, the guy's dead by the I could walk past him. The little shit was walking my path and walking the entire time. Yeah

But you can there's a tumble move you can do to walk over an enemy square and you just requires an athletic check to Yeah, that's a difficult to remove Acrobatics and so you prone I stood up I moved and now I have one boy. Yeah, one basic attack But but I have flanking a basic oh my god You do Prone's not he doesn't count for the fun Doesn't I don't think so DM says whatever DM says Can it count? I hope it does but I don't think it does I'm not going to I'm just gonna do it wrong Here we go normal spit 24 Burble Damage oh yeah You have to both you and the ally who are doing the flanking it must be capable of doing an attack action eight damage It's a cable didn't bite him on a foot so minus two to attack when you're probably So I don't count that he does Yeah, okay Because you can still attack while your product does allow you to contribute to flanking so did you hit I did hit with the right I hit what was the 24 yeah Sorry, he's mad He took a game Did it just been 10 over? No Plus two so we've been 26 right or oh I see wait a second It would have been with two more would have been to work with fight out thinking yeah, what a happy Yeah, it's exactly 10 over So that's all correct. I'm so open 16 damage Yeah, he's waiting a second oh yeah, right to this Wait a second Why triple guts AC down by two anyway did it include flanking? Maybe it already automatic Can I see why his AC? Next to his next to his AC is there a modifier's button he can click You can click I don't get that type of right but you're looking for an AC then modifiers Because we won't be able to

tell you why visually because we don't just see. Can you move away so I can see if there's AC changes? I think it includes it. Is this the same thing? Is this AC operating up? I can't see the change from the AC on his card. I only see it in the... Oh, there it is. It included flanked. So it detects flanking and applies it. Perfect. Not a car. Yeah, so 8 damage, 8 damage. I'll take 8 damage on the man. Yeah. Damage is damage. And that is the end of my turn. Move, attack. The Americans who he and his friend are currently stamping the skeleton. Let's out of truck a teeth chattering truck. Yeah, they're pretty nice. That doesn't mean they're not going to stab the shit out of them. Yeah, they are. Just deflects them a little bit with a cemetery. Come on, guys. It's a different guy. Okay, someone is combat trained. It's the test. Just happens to be wearing enough armor. He's wanting to go back there and be like, guys, I got summoned into a really little party. I like our living tank or dead tank. This is an armor. Okay, let's just 3, 2, 3 straighten it. Mara was in the feed-up. You guys are going to go get it for. We can't see. He's not dead. He's not dead. He's not dead. He's not dead. He's not dead. That's the problem. That one. The death works in this oldies for good. Recovery check. Yeah. Well, that is a failure. He's my dying value but what is your dying value? My current dying value is no two. If it's four, you're dead, right? Correct. Correct. I'll get over there. Oh, my gosh. All right. Dergo gut. Just got smacked. You're a hard. Good. So it's turned. Hang on. Yeah, don't let me advance. Yep. Oh, yeah. Dergo gut. That does not go unnoticed. And... ...yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

He's gonna attack this like flaming guy. He's gonna be supposed to be like your mile or something right? Not the white ones. The purple ones. Let's see Miss Adder. He's like, I'm just a D.E.I. And it says the port every illegal. Ooh. It's supposed to be like the white ones. No, never mind. So why does it mess up the target like that? So they want to stop you. What's your AC right now, Gota? 18. Was I still on? Wait, are you trying to stab the dead guy? Yeah, you're trying to stab the dead guy? I know, I know. It's a miss, it's a miss. The targeting. No, you didn't miss. He's the dead guy. No, but I'm not trying to hit the dead guy. I'm sure. Yeah. I'm hitting the guy who hit me. Given you guys a chance to... Why not die? Miss? Yeah. I got one more. Was it still an awesome modifier? Oh, great. I forgot to hit my... Three misses in a row, guys. He's changed his dice. This is H as it goes, so you know what pops up in the chat. There we go. No problem, Pat. This, uh, chances of a side view is going to stand up. You see there's no skillet in over there. Kicking your friend's ass is... You want to go over and help him? Also, I have missed a blood on this guy, so I'm going to kill the girl. He's still a good boy. Manually do that. Rule about that? That's the time for an extra charge instant. Hopefully, children. That would be quite something. It would be a crit and probably match roll. Because my match roll crit does a crack. Oh, that was on 17 for a while. I just missed. But he doesn't have... The spell doesn't have sustain. So in theory, I don't know to be the one up. He bites the legos. I've got the ground. We get all the rise of skeleton companions. That sort of thing.

to go back to Missy, it's gonna be like, who are you? It's like, bomb. I'm, I'm, I like the lantern. Yeah, we killed, we're gonna get, also five tourists died. Okay, more to your turn. That guy beside you just is like, they're starting to freak out, you just spaz the Missy three times. Oh, I'm just doing a thing. That's why I'm forgetting to take you. The notification comes up, but I have to click it. I'm gonna get a plea of a girl. Yeah, you will, that'll be sweet. Oh, you're really useful. Okay. Forward. See if it works. Forward save. One in front of me. DC 17, 42. Trying to feel a little, sorry, sorry, sorry. Well, I already did that. No, it's per day. Well, the focus, well, the camera. He, he did, got it. That's right. Does he, um, no, no, five, ten, fifty, twenty, twenty, twenty five? Uh, it's a bolt move. I'll leave you a part on top of the Dead Zombie just because that would be, you know, supposed to make a roll to go through a square for the dead guy. That's sad. Yeah. I won't say there. Because he's, council is an unwilling creature. You just count as an object? No. I'm counting on him as an object. Wait, one second. Let's check something else real quick. All right. We'll go forward. One second. That's one check. They're automatically banished if reduced to zero hit points. You must do that square. It's just down the map. I wish I could have done it. No, it probably been over there. Oh well. Bob hit him. Hit him hard. Wait, yeah, it's Bob's turn. And Bob is like, his stomach below the plate armor is like jiggling up and down as he's choked.

So Bob is actually going to swing down on this on the promulginkins on the ground. So Bob, on this turn, I think has a full set of actions by the way. So the two actions? No, I still think it's three. He does not have the slowed because he does not slow. The other guy is slow. Bob, what are you doing? I started, I don't know. Okay, I didn't figure that out yet myself. Do you like he sorted them by effective and like didn't keep scrolling? It's just like he does. This is negative orange orange orange orange orange. Oh, yes. He only gets two actions. Like the thumb end is the turn. They're thumbing and they get two actions. Well, after that, they're just normal around. Yeah, what did the other one even like do? Like I always say it should be good for something. What was it? He's like a 46. He's a Bob bigger. Yeah, Bob only has 4 HP and he just maxed. He just damages everything. Can I stand on that people? How's it work with you? You have to tumble through the square. And so it requires an acrobatic check. A success means you can treat this square as a difficult train. You got half speed. A failure means you got this square. What? You need to get this. Wait, share it to both of you. If I'm just going to, so you can try to finish the job. Oh, yeah. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. I'm going to take your most rolling thing. Just let Rob roll all your damage dice. You win. Success starts here. Bob is here. Oh, this bot takes a pretty massive penalty on the third. I'm surprised by that. Yeah, he misses here. Sure. Shira, you are still live barely. You might want to stand up. It's not. We're just, we're going to attack ankle cutters. Can't attack from the ground. You stuck to the hand. It's over.

Okay, what is stand up somewhere? It's just just you just on probably a safe yeah I've taken one action to stand up. Okay, so since you guys can't actually kill anything. What are you talking about? I'm going after I'm going after Garibault. Okay cool. He's flanked strike one Get it get it Yeah You're on the ground your turn is done We You just My god Dizzy you fell back over My bad I don't know angle of smile even I see coming backgrid Christ We're following over twice in a row What if maybe when you die again Serving Okay, this Jenkins Chris Bob you should add a negative one to new key to No, no, that's a hit bomb. Doesn't see Chris. Oh, it's just a hit. Yeah, that's good for me. That's good for Bob when you only hit No, I have to create yeah, that's what I'm saying All right, that's normal hit that doesn't hurt you get to shortcut bomb attacks on Bob will be a Constant ally for us from a while When okay, here's another attack from bomb Bob still targeted. I'm still trying to get this targeting things so I have less clicks Oh, no, if I'm gonna get the first one I need to get I Pro can I one hit five if you critical bomb match then you roll

He'll only take three and you roll six four. Yeah, he'll only take three But I think you would get I think you would get 10 Now you are up You see a lot of swinging misses a lot of prone people One dying man. No, I think Rowan They should standing up and then laying back down a six would kill me Because it would be six times two or six times two minus two which is ten No, it's actually six my two go in perence and then the two times it up They change the minus two does yeah, it's not on outside. No The the crit says Multiply everything by two now interesting. Okay, all right, so I read that is that I agree with you then But I always thought the minus two stayed on the outside. I think it's double the whole stuff So you can't want hit Bob with the name Jenkins the cannot Currently Bob has the attention to three Jenkins. I mean As you show he's demanding the respect of the battlefield right now Like can they bite? His bite piercing damage Then I would probably would be then Bob still has the assistance can't bite Yeah, I can't move through like yeah, it's an enemy. It's alive The one below is dead, but you have to you can go past and be at the role Even though he's a small creature I think you can walk past a smart picture. I think it has to be if it's dead But that's not really okay tumble through You stride up to your speed during the movement you can try to move through the space of one enemy Tempen acrobatic stack. That's alive Against the enemies reflect DC as soon as you enter it space Very double through living enemies Then Yeah, failure your movement ends and you trigger reactions as if you had moved out of the square you started He's dead he doesn't have a right Right he has no reflex DC reflex you can share his space with a prone creature if the

Creatures willing unconscious or dead and of a size of Your size or smaller. Okay, so this is what you want The theme continues I don't know why you guys changed Yeah, like what why would you think we went back? You 25 That was your diagonal 10 you if your first diagonal is five your second one is 10 your third one is five your second Fourth one is 10, so then that would be 10. I had to move twice Okay, do you still have an actual line? Yeah, two strides How much is water to cheat one action? I'm pretty sure it's just one when you throw it into the chat every time If you're on practice or you zero each here Can you be below this no, it just increases your like Something about you get hit it takes Yeah, something about When you come back from dying your left of the wounded condition, which means when you put it dying again When you jump this your idea is that you need weight your wound equation like removed like a bunch of willing living creature Living I am what can you be willing if you're is willing the same is not unwilling? Doesn't do what you want I've had finder to eat is an unconscious spelling creature Generally considered willing for spells that require a woman target. Yeah, unless spell states otherwise We can't think says a creature on the platter Oh automatically Why you always have to consent when you're unconscious is what they just Well, he's technically got healed I remove the dying condition. Yeah, you should get a wounded one Yeah

This means if you go back to die you skip a level with the number of wounded you are. And I know. The plan. The plan in the back. You'd be supportive. The background's over. Oh, it's a good guy. And turn. Yeah. I call a small moment to visit the discord. I have a handout. I have a handout and there's a song for people. It's about this battle. It's loosely based. I'm sure they're just taking some of the things. You just got to color this blue and you're good to go. It's a plan in the back. It got everything right. By the bridge, but clearing. It's Kevin. It was me. Yeah, I was like, there's a lushy. He's wearing a robe. And he also has a burlap sack on his head. But it's a smiley face cutout. A little smaller than that, but yeah. Yeah, so this little guy in the background is like just come around to like people. Pretty much looks like he's out of order. And he does look a little crazy. Is it a James or dead James? Dead James is his turns in the dead. It'll eventually be yours when he skips over. I will charge a spell and spelt right. Yeah, we just have the reactions. That is all three actions. Okay, do it. That is everything I can do. What if I pass? Yes. Yeah. Yeah, this is care. Yeah, we're asking his Bob's rib cage. Well, it's it. We protected any day. He is like our best meld that we've ever asked. He's the greatest meld ever. Yeah, we tried to summon Mel first. Meld and he just got jumped out. He got meld had like he was attracted. Like blades were attracted to him. He had to reach me. That's why I was like this guy said, die. You're like, this is our guy. Yeah, yeah. I looked at all these people. It was like, he's going to be the one that can actually take some hits. No.

the exact opposite. The melee attack part hit. They both hit the A hit, but it did seven damage above. And then the spell part was eight damage for two persistent lead. Go. Down hit it. Wow. You just said 15 damage and gave two bleed. They're, wow. Turning it around everybody. We turned it in. I mean, that was everything. The battle started with me turning around. How in the chocolate? How in the chocolate? Listen. My hammer's just out. The blood is rushing off with it slowly. I think it's worth bloodthirsty enough to leave this kind of thing all along. He's just taunting them. I mean, angry. And Dr. Jenkins turned. No, no, no. Round six. This one fits it around. Trying to hit me in the head. Who's trying to hit me in the head? You run away. I was also the skeleton. So this Jenkins can run a pair. Take a swipe. Don't mind the guy with the bag. I'm said. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. That's also the way. No, the skeleton be the show on the right. I feel like he just now uses the bloodthirsty. He's like, boo. Little funny. Yeah. Oh, miss on. This whole bell. I guess regression to the meme on the roll. There we go. They're back. They're back. They're back. They're back. They're back. You're badly used to. No, I got to go. That's something. That means that the skeleton are doing two to my shit. They're holding off little shit. I'm just gonna get multiple technical bone issues. Yeah, they have maps, not maps. They do. Like on their. I'm not gonna get it. I'm gonna get it. I'm gonna get it. I'm gonna get it. I'm gonna get it. Like on their on their worst attack, they still get plus one to the roll. I can't do. Oh, you guys can see the thing up. Plus one. I think well, because.

we solved oh no only because Neb has AC of 15. Alright Neb you take three damage during this stabby exchange. Azov you you you've been healed by the power of plant water. Don't say that. You got dribble water. What is this status you have? That's pulling out plant. I'm going to stand up. Amazing. Azov rises to his full height. Oh swill critical missing light back down. It's been done. You can see how that wounded condition works. You can move over the prone one we just decided. There's a dead big one also in that box. See that same area. On the part. No going to the left. Can you give him bleed too? Go to bleed too. Yeah jaunting claw is really good. It's just a really good counter by itself. The fact of the counter is great. Yeah but I didn't go long to my belly attack. Yeah Bob is on hard. You don't need anything some more Bob's. I can't do that though I don't think. Hmm. When does Bob disappear? Does he go back to camp with you? Wait. One minute. Wait for me. That's like the most important minute of the campaign so far. Come on. He probably absorbed like 10 steps. Yes. Yes. All the support condition going on. Besides the music happened.

joking. Let's count that as the rock rock. It's not even just a single one. It's just sad. I think if you took our average roll, it's probably going to be like on the D20. I think we're going to have to go to the top. This sheet is coming up. The attack and the rules. The D12s. The game. The game. The game. The game. The game. The game. The game. The game. You just keep your eyes closed. It's a yonfras pose. It's a yonfras pose. It's okay. Oh. The shinkans come in to stab you on the ground. Sure. Got this. There's some serious plant that floats around. Goodbye, boys. That was a hit. I think I have like two lives. I think I was trying to sneak attack you on the ground. By it knew because of the prong. Even the bomb. Yeah. It was demanded. That's too dice. That's guaranteed to be two. Three damage. Not technically. No. It's going to be two ones. He can't deal less than one. But if it's a one and a one, he has minus two to hit damage. It puts you on conscious and dying. Yeah, that's right. We're dead yet. We can stabilize that. Probably starts killing you. Close. You going for a finish and blows on people now. Did you put yourself in the dying mode? I'm rather than just hitting the button. Why does he know damage? You need to get into the dead. Because he's dead. There goes. Yep. That was great. Then you got to get into the game. You can take another dying one more. Yeah. And then those times.

You have an healing? You can help. Just tap your down to the next time. Yes, I do. I'm not so much old. Okay, take another dying hit. Three. Oh, my. They're really like the dancing of most of this. It's your turn. Shira is a bloody pool on the ground. It's a touch thing. Are you at? Dying three. Yeah. Very durable. Wasn't a thanks, man. I wish I would apply on a mat. Correct. I restore hit points equal to two plus double by level. So four. You give four HP. There's probably a plug-in that I can make. I'm dying. I know. I'm dying. You're not dying now. There's a lot of settings that I didn't choose because... I am not cursed. Didn't want things like being more out of mat. About now that we see it. Like now, is that what do I do? What are you doing? I'm putting in the scales. I am now cursed, man. And Adam, you hit that four. Four. I give my face. Did nothing to my face. Did that apply healing? Two fifth curse, man. I gave the healings out there. Does that mean I'm not dying? Do I check the room? We'll unbox them. Yes, we will. Okay. You have to... Wait a second. You're dying all goes away? Yes. Remove all levels of dying. At what level? Yeah. Why are you blinded? It is part of me. When you're dying, you get blinded. That's amazing. Part of a car. Okay, that's cool. All that stuff is tied together. Yes. I didn't see any of that. I took an action to light the scales. You can hit it on that. And I'll eye you. I pushed on a thing, a metaphorical scale, and made you get void healing. All right. Or void healing. Just regular healing. Send what? Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.

is now you are cursed. Now I'm cursed, Bound, yes. What is cursed, Bound? I get a negative one to pretty much everything is the end of the story. Your irregular curse is constricting around you as you receive divine punishment for drawing too closely near mystery's powers. Yeah, but it is negative on himself. I'm too awesome. The gods are making me not be cool anymore. Exactly. I have a problem. Like, it's probably the soul. So I mean, it really started for you where you got out muscled by a jank then. And then the one that just put Adam on the ground is the one that I am targeting and casting voyward against again for this fortitude saving throw. Sure. And that's that'll be all three of my actions. And that's green turn. Fail. That's four. Take four damage. He did it. Absolutely. All right. Wow. I passed the turn and Bob's time to be here again. I love Bob. And I told Bob to hit the one that's prone. Bob hit the one that's prone. On ground, ground, on ground, hit the pro. He had Bob knows on ground. Ground, cemetery, head, head, head, cemetery. And he minds he's like like this with the butt. We're like the slash. It's the slashed, slashed, and so he had the other side. He now does the full stabby. Uh, solid. Solid. Sure. You know, tardy. No. Oh. On the ground. Stabby. No. No. No. He understood. It's still it. Why? Oh, this targeting thing is so dumb. So when I highlight one person, it leaves the other one on. But this is a half chance. Jenkins. I've been shooting the same guy this whole day. I'm not hit him. You're my next target, mister. All right. Loosening attack. Five for the Jenkins. My skill, then. Loosening attack. How bendly injured is Google? I can't see.

with your thing man. Miriam, these little on your hat. You were a bad teacher. Just get it. He's so good. No Rob, you're just good. Just get it. Stop. There's only one person here. He looks at you for approval. Like keep like third strike. Yes, yes, yes. Yes, Kelly. Skelly, Billy. Skelly Bob. Skelly Bob's going deep into the negatives for this role. That's okay. Still worth the shot. Skelly Bob. Skelly Bob's on the ground. Oh, he's coming up. No, I don't think you can do damage. No, no. There's chances now. Well, here you are. He swung so hard. He swung so hard his leg fell off. And you are a lot of bad. But there's a bunch of dead Jenkins around you now. Only one of them does. There's one dead Jenkins that is near Bob that's still around you. Just doesn't look right next to you. The one that's up one ducted. I'm not. The other one like that's like slightly off. So I'm over it. He's in a square you can deal with. He's just smaller than you. So yeah, you can hit him. Hit him. Cool. Is that not my turn? It is your turn. Sorry. You're after Bob. All right. We're hitting this guy. You should see it up. You got it. I'm going to throw it. I'm going to throw it. I'm going to throw it. I'm going to throw it. I'm going to throw it. I'm going to throw it. I'm going to throw it. I'm going to throw it. I'm going to throw it. I'm just technically around. I have last time like get your feet set. 100 feet tall one brown. You can't fall down. Before you start swinging. You can stay down. If you're over the ground. That's right. Remember that kid. Do I have to do anything with the wounded just turn? No. The wounded is just going to stay with you. The wounded is just going to stay with you. The injured is going to stay with you. The injured is going to stay with you. The injured is going to stay with you. All right. We'll target this bitch. Here we go. It's fall on the ground. The gamboys and girls. I think I was going to be one of them. I think I was going to be one of them. There's something to get at the curse. I thought that was a strike. Strike. Well, it's not a one. It's a two of them. It's a two of the ones. He's a hit. There it is. It's a two of the ones. He's a hit. There it is. It's a two of them. There it is. Damn y'all. It's a three. That's the one more. That's the good. He's out. Because you should be having to go to seek medical health right? If you've got like this gigantic gas. the whole condition. Not hit that. Of course he is. Alright. You have one more accident. I will do my...

this fit or girl yeah girl he's the only one that's new but girl is in like melee combat right now yeah you get a bomb oh he's flanked lights lights welcome damn it's missed miss okay okay not a critical miss not not a critical miss just a regular little miss skip some dead Jenkins zoom in turn oh this Jenkins he is gonna stand up and bobs on the ground you see this he knows exactly what to do and he's going to laugh as he goes to strike Bob any skin of critical come on this this Bob chatters back to him with a chuckle Bob I thought that was like he'd be laughing at him right now you hear like rescue air moving from Bob's mouth does it doesn't matter he needs a crit going into the low bonus area it's it's your turn now all right we got this yeah you're planting a bag in a robe nowhere near a plant no you're just a late zooper running around can you double flank somebody find out I guess now me now get the flank yes oh right oh nice oh can't believe this might work out no one can you know what it was your role I'm sure I chopped down the the straw man that Pat put out there and it was so good I was like oh no this is really bad but I I didn't understand at that time that he had to like to kill me but trade miss first time all right how many okay is that all right yeah I technically keep healing I just get shinier and shinier and shinier go up and you're up bad but no charge sprow gets real bad spull strike do it

do it, do it. Well, how many times can you do that one you did earlier? The charge, the thunder one or the, the actress charge it and spend. Like, do that. It takes three actions. Yeah. But I could do it every round. If I move, I can't do that. Just the bleed thing is... Oh, the bleed? That is just part of this, uh, can't trip. Okay. Cool. That's a can trip, I think. Maybe roughly one of the parts people can have. We did so, okay. I mean, there's a lot of characters like Ink Night. They just like you one fire and so on. Oh yeah. I think there is a way to stop bleeding. The fire... I think there's a, I think there's a chain you can make out by his office foot. I think there's a chain you can make to stop bleeding. He looks like... admit jump. Ball show. Shit. You're the man who's the fuck. Oh, no way. I mean this. Oh! Oh baby. Oh baby. Critical. After you take persistent damage roll with TC Fletch, you see the curve. I can only go up the curse now. You should go through it if you succeed the condition. So, precisely, it does end if you pass a save. You should be safe. We should. I should go back to four o'clock. I'm supposed to save after each one. All right. Yeah. It's a little bit like to get him to go away. After you take the bleed damage. Oh, that's why there's a roll recovery check in the beginning. But I couldn't tell you that because of all the blame marks. Yeah. It's true. Nice. Wait, I'm rearing the wrong button. I can't tell you that. I have to read. It's on me. Here's the melee part. Oh. Frankie, now the spell part. Patrick, you see the calculation in there? It has the 1d12 plus 4 in Perence and then multiply. Yeah. So, the spell part is 7 and 2 persisted bleed. And 18 from the physical attack. Okay. So, he's almost dead from the physical. He did. From the spell, Grogo got false. As he falls.

He looks around at you guys because he is surprised. Oh, he's flying. Last as he looks around in turn, so last thing he sees is the plane of a bag. Also, he got to use no lights. He has good powers against plants. I just genuinely think that we were in a bag. We still got two little shins and we got to deal with them. Definitely still take out people. Yeah, that's Bob. But that was the end of the plane tour. I was going to say how? When you do that, this Jenkins comes over to you and. It wasn't me. Plant or plant? Well, that just took his mask off. I don't see a plant. He's crazy. I don't know if it would work. Yeah, he had you very good. I'm a crit though. Well, there's still time. There's still three more bonuses. I got to accept it. I do go to remove this. You are correct. So I can do that one. That one. I say to the damage from Vitality. This is not how it goes in the boat. We just do. It's not. No. The new key doesn't run up to the bridge guard and dance. Exactly. Go to you took two damage during that exchange. You knew. You know, you know, you're going to miss on that last time. Yeah. The role three attacks. I hit. I hit once and then I made the other one hit, I guess. I'm going to undo that. Thanks, sir. Thanks. It's your turn. You know what it is? I'm not going to be conscious anymore. So he's watching what's happening. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh.

You guys stand up. Because you missed you, Chris. One action stand up. Yeah, the first time it happens I was like, oh, we'll just play your prone, but then everybody was Christmas. So we did. And we went. I'm some spells that really that that matters for, but. God knocked down. That means never Christmas. It felt like the most part. I want to get that knocked down. To get that. To get knocked back down. I can't pick up again. So. These were not a correctness. Yeah, you're not that. Right. Gordle. Uh, Gordle got his fallen. There's one dude in front of me still. And he's your boy Skelly. He's also laying down. This hand's around the stomach. He still looks like he's laughing. You hear air moving in and out. As he's chubbling. This is the weirdest battle he's ever been summoned into. Ordy attempts to cast wood for more. Cantorant wants again, because it's not all that. Or yes, Cantorant was for combat. Okay. Uh, who? The one that's north of Bob. Oh, yeah. He's got targeted. Yeah. Probably saved that. Yup. He did. God damn it. Morty. The receipts to. How big is trash? Everybody's on top of. Well, you see it. It looks like it's 15 feet across. Can I take cover on it? On it. Behind it. Yeah, you can take cover behind Bob. You can take part in that area. Like.

I like to use the take cover reaction as my final action for the turn. And cheer Bob on. Yeah, I'm going to say you have a partial cover there. Okay, that seems good. Bob, he's like, he's really slow to get to his feet. There's a lot of creek in there to put his leg back on. Okay. Actually, like it's standing next to him and you hear like a, is he like puts it back in his pocket and a lot of creeks as he stands up and very unceremoniously. He just everything Bob does is ceremony. He just looks at this Jenkins and just does a big sweeping strike and I'm with this suit. He's on the ground. Also, you see that they put the leg back in the socket, but it was just next to it. And so he fell out again. Exactly. That's exactly what happened. As he took his swing, he's up melted. As he's down there with Bob, just take a swing from the ground. He'll be fine. He, he's going to attempt to do that. That's some big, nagging eggs. I'm sure. Get a rock critical. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, I'm rolling. I'm deep in the bonus when I'm rolling those still. Uh, sure. Girl, go got his fallen. Yeah, you are not dead. Yeah, you are wounded. You have no armor. You've been up and down off the ground. As far as the as he does. As far as dance, you've seen those dancing. You gotta get down, shake your booty, get back up, you know, just that. So there's only one dude left to look. No two. There's one next to me. Right. So, so you're seeing that this fight, this choreography has been part of the dance. Yes. I see. Yes. Yes, you're like.

mumbling like under your breath a song you know like yes like it's like a little John there's something like get down and yeah your phone phone note yeah so I'll do that there's an old song that ludicrous dude big foot he's just foot down he fall down he tells me to get up yeah you're doing that yeah yeah yeah fuck that song and I know it's called there's two Jenkins a lot is all we got one by godo and one looking my shields busted can you do my thing that's the thing I don't know without my shield or defensive advance broke it shit I'm gonna say it doesn't mean that we get that like it says with the protection of my shield I dive in the battle raise my shield inside my life and it's focused no oh yeah that's a wild like how far away is that trying to design yourself I can take a while to inspect the body when the little armor put the shadow person head the little one because we all the same damage in spot that's kind of in some scrimmary and I'll show him great that's time to put the little one down yeah he has his knotted more pretty good huh to move one I don't like me no who's the weakest all the trouble wanted but Bob all the resistances I got okay this one yeah all right godo's gonna turn that a little one easy oh there's a good chance I'm paying paste it yeah all right so you're gonna swing it this thing yeah I'd pull out my Jew farted so this thing it's called it's a Jew on Dow did you yeah it's like a Z in the very huge there's no Z in there yeah oh there's a Z you I take it we get on you for the heart chain uh that you use there heart check yeah all right boom it's a massive hit roll that big damage max damage almost yeah it's because that's D8 and that decons uh it's just run clean through out of there next it's almost as if if you were far away this could have looked like part of the dance you stand up fresh off yeah one more attack all right one more this is probably not oh see if you can get

Wait, why was it? Oh, that's right. Damn. Oh, well, that's you went problem. The second one's always nice. Go though. It's up to you. Wait, no, it's Neb. No, Neb, can you finish the man? Plan. Do you have offense in there? Is it the guy you're dealing with? Yeah. He's injured. It is the damage. Can't believe that I'm getting to do anything. I'm just going to get into the plan. I gotta keep taking feats that give me the required focus. Give me focus. That's how you get up to three focus. But I was... And that is... I love you the mastery. Is it? I'm on my mystery. I love you, Dan. I love you. Come on, boy. Oh, good bad. 19 over the hit. Oh, yeah, he's that. Pop it up. Pop it up. Guys, after the world's easiest fight. You got it. You got it. You got it. You got it. You got it. You got it. You got it. You got it. You got it. You guys take the don step bridge. No. So... No, 15. Like... You're not good, but... No, that's... I'm in this encounter. Here's what... How much can you... You see, yes. You can believe that. There are eight dead blue jinkins. Around you. Some face up, some face down, some are just puddles. Then... I like how I'm starting to fight. You guys... Fools and crutches. Ace off and Shira have taken some pretty heavy damage. They're quite wounded. Also, as soon as the battle ends, Bob gives you one of these and poofs out. He's done well friend. Thumbs up. Thumbs up. Thumbs up. Thumbs up. Thumbs up. Thumbs up. Thumbs up. Thumbs up. Thumbs up. Thumbs up. Thumbs up. Thumbs up. Thumbs up. Thumbs up. Thumbs up. Thumbs up. Thumbs up. Thumbs up. Thumbs up. Thumbs up. Thumbs up. Thumbs up. Thumbs up. Thumbs up. Thumbs up. Thumbs up. Thumbs up. The body is so gassy from all this drinking and then there's just...

Downs and gas escaping him. Gotcha. I'm gonna walk over, grab his armor, her armor, and try to backhand her. Yes, grab that. Look at that. I'm almost dead. You take three bullets. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, I'll go get my own armor, please. Yes, I will put my armor back on. That's great. It's the cleanest thing to sell about. Spots. Like this. Yeah. Hey, did he steal your polish? To be fair. Clearly, I didn't need it. This. Oh, sure. He's like, you're dead, man. He didn't pressure you something. He did die at one point. Or most of the time. You're like, you're fixing your lipstick and the reflection of your field. Okay. Who ruined my dance? You did. My dance was perfect. That guy was stunned. He stunned. No, he wasn't. As soon as we tried to cross the bridge, he looked at it. He tried to cross. Oh, y'all. Started the bass drums, parotetniks, and backup dancers. He crossed the bridge. He's like, you're a straight strums and the fire, all that. You have to cross the bridge and attention was lost. I'm pretty sure the backup dancers were good enough. You got triarded. I think the backup dancer came first. There was a zombie in front of me when I was dancing. They were giggling in their taming. He was your warm up, and they worked out great. Okay. We're just here. We've made it through, though. Thank you for that. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Because you just think about it. Really, you're living in our action country by another point. Now in the table.

like fall prone. But like there's other stuff. You got stuck on them. You know what? It just keeps your peace. Sometimes we could stuck on a worry. He thumbs up like 20 times. That's on the raw trick. Wait, is it listening? Yeah. It's my entire time. It's writing the notes. It's writing the notes. Well, I'm going to attempt to see how good it does. That's all. So it's doing a raw plus a summary. And then I'm going to re-summry the summary. Maybe it's the next level. That's what you got to do. See how close it gets just to the... I really don't like the third level of summary still has 40 thumbs up. It won't be perfect, but it might be enough to jog our memories for stuff. That's my hope. Yeah. Because really it's getting this too. It's not like going to... No. It's going to not move. It's going to fuck it up a bit. I'm sure. And thumbs... I would like to see the girl besides just alcohol. The girl could have like a key or anything that we might care about on his body. But it's not just his coogry and alcohol. It's just like what I'm looking for in the rifle through the pockets. Yeah. Yeah. You can rifle through his... And then also I'd like to dissect him because I've never dissected this guy before. All right. So you go over to a girl who got and start like putting his arms in a combo and like... And you throw all the men to the ground. Yeah. You also do for tag games. All the little daggers they were just shankin' us with. I used those as pins and I pinned them to the ground. Yeah. And I started... You reach in one bag and... or one pocket. Yeah. And you hear it clink clink clink and you pull up three small copper coins. I would like to take three minutes to read Aura on each of those coins to see if they're the ones that were stolen from the lantern thingy that could have put it out. You do not detect any magic on these three coins. There was exactly three. It fell to perfect. No, yeah. The trigger. It's the two perfects. You just go come in the lantern and see what happens. Yeah. The lanterns, right. I can read Aura. And I'm like an obsessive or an ADHD kid. What do you do? You also find like a... It's also work towards those. So if you like... A Kintrip Deck. Of... A pack of 24 cards. One of each.

in the core rule book. So, in an effort to spread the knowledge of magic as widely as possible, worth a first worshippers of nuthus discovered a way to bind cantrips into cards, accessible even to non-spell casters. The deck contains stick parchment cards, each roughly half the size of a playing card. In precise, no nonsense script, each card simply states the name of its cantrip, color coded based on its school. This pack contains 24 cards, one of each full pack in the rule book. What's that? So, I got a full pack. Yeah, I'm going to share this with you so you can just read this. The arch have another smell. You've got a full pack. The last thing you just take the number of cantrips. Can you tell me, oh, the crumble to dust. So, each one has one use. Yeah, and they kind of spell, and that's pretty cool. It's a deck of spell cards. Oh, yeah, like person digitization, the tech magic, no direction, guidance, all the stuff you don't have is in there. There's a lot of things in here. Okay, telekindetic projectile. Pat. You also find a silver sector set with some of my precious stones. So, that can I, I can't share that. How do I, let me make this visible pat? This treasure over here now, to the left of the guy. Yes, you can go loot it. And I believe you click it and drag things into your own inventory and they become loose. What it does not seem clickable. If you click that thing, a stat sheet should pop up. It did. And you can put my own character and drag your stuff in there. Oh, you're doing it. Well, these say ancient copper coins, not even normal copper coins. They are ancient copper coins. Sweet. Okay, they're still worth the same amount as normal copper coins though. Okay, let me decrease my copper coin count by three.

